## Steering Committee Meeting 9/17/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes      |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               | Yes      |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               | Yes      |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            | Yes      |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 | Yes      |

Others: Thomas Truong

### Agenda:

* Deprecate Gitter
  * Slack setup
    * DONE: add instructions to SIG and WG pages (Harry - Done. PRs approved.)
    * WIP: add a new instruction page to onnx.ai on joining slack (Joohoon - WIP)
    * WIP : migrate gitter to slack one by one (Jim) - Finished inviting individuals.
        * Targeting gitter shutdown by community meeting.
    * DONE: Gitter channel post corresponding slack channel (Harry)

* SenseTime Logo PR
    * https://github.com/onnx/onnx.github.io/pull/75 (Prasanth)

* Relicensing to Apache 2.0
  * Enable github DCO (Prasanth waiting for response)
      * Email address will be in the commits

* Follow up from last week's roadmap discussion
  * Harry: 3rd discussion today. The rest 3 meetings for cost/impact analysis. Request to discuss among SCs on roadmap.
  * Prasanth: need people to sign up for contributing to roadmap items. commenters may not work on the items.

* Workshop - Wed Oct 14 7-10am PT - Next ONNX Community Meeting
    * Review registration form for Cvent (#38)
    * Review event website form (#37)
    * Review Agenda (#36)
