## Steering Committee Meeting 11/12/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |  No     |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |  No     |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |  Yes     |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |  No     |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |  No     |

Others: Tom Truong, Chin Huang

### Agenda:

* Invited SC talks

     * Anyone to invite? Topics (All)
     * Interest in Kuberflow-On-Prem discussion (Tom agrees)
     * Common Knowledge - 
     * Red Hat ODH - 
     * pre-discussion to make more relevant ONNX community

* 1.8 release

     * Thank-you Jacky for leading and completing
     * Any next step needed? (All)
     * Chin: Bumps - release WG may not be needed until a month before next release (pause?)
     * Chin: Travis new URL website - slow travis.org, move to travis.com (free)
     * Chin: Same issues wih TensorFlow converter
     * Chin: Asking who can chance the URL to travis.com - Chin cannot change
     * 

* Additional Agenda Items

     * TBD

* WIP ONNX Roadmap and Features Discussion

     * Roadmap upcoming discussions (Harry)
     * Model zoo for image classification (Harry)

* WIP ONNX Community 2021 Discussion

     * Next community meeting (3 month lead time) 
     * Target April but need to find Asia host first (All)
     * Candidate Ke (Prasanth checking)
	* LF AI and Data needs 3 months lead time to help

     * Next year elections
     * Target Keep as is with Harry lead
     * ONNX is LF AI and Data best practice example to date

