## Steering Committee Meeting 7/16/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present? |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes      |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               | Yes      |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               | Yes      |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            | Yes      |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 | Yes      |

Others: Thomas Truong, Chin Huang


### Agenda:

* Accomodating other time zones in Steering Committee meetings
  * Proposal to alternate meetings between Thursday 9:30 AM PT and Wednesday 5 PM PT. Alternating allows for Europe and Asia friendly times.
  * Voted: all agreed to alternate meetings.
  * Action: Jim to update LF AI calendar. Next week Thurs, week after is Wed.

* Contributor transparency
  * https://github.com/onnx/sigs/pull/65/ pending approval and merge
  * Harry: mention that WG's can request their own GitHub team to be created
  
* Slack vs Gitter
  * lfai-onnx.slack.com will expire next week - move to lfaifoundation.slack.com
  * Jim has already setup ONNX channels in lfaifoundation workspace
  * asking community on Gitter, initial feedback is that Gitter is preferred
  * should we also consider stackoverflow for more discoverability?
  * Harry: can we have new Slack users join with ONNX channels as starting point
  * Sheng: there should be a way to integrate Gitter and Slack (for exmaple https://www.integromat.com/en/integrations/gitter/slack)
  * Tom: work with LFAI to configure workspace, including generating direct access link
  * Harry: update ONNX website to include direct link to ONNX channels in Slack

* Separating optimizer into it's own repo (Jim)
  * Discussion with Arch/Infra SIG on Monday
  * Two options: 1) create contrib folder containing things not in release, 2) create separate repo
  * Go with option 2 if original contributers are fine with it.
  * Prasanth to close out on the PR the SIG had filed and help setup the new repo.

* Numpy API proposal (Sheng)
  * PyData initiative wants to address fragmentation between deep learning and machine learning
  * Goal is to align on data API for array and dataframe for more interoperability across libraries
  * ONNX ops being mapped to numpy API
  * Sheng: share info about the project on ONNX Gitter and Slack (https://openteams.com/initiatives/PyData-APIs)

----
Saved for next week:
* ONNX 1.8 release (Chin)

* SIG co-chair application followup
  * Ke & Vinitra
  * Harry followed up with Vinitra. Ke still needs to be contacted.
  * Prasanth: recognize active contributors and encourage participation.
  * Action: follow up with Ke's application (Harry)

* Roadmap process discussion[[link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14-b92ALTP9K1bzQl9bRXtrqri5RfixFBCMV8SwTVxn0/edit?ts=5eb43d22)]
  * Proposal from Harry:
    * Keep the release aligned with a certain event (time based release). If there is a major feature in the works for the long term, then consider feature based release.
    * Publicly announce new roadmap suggestion & feedback collection after each release. Work with Steering Committee companies to provide active feedback.
    * After feedback is gathered, open decision session to public. Decisions to be made by SC during the session. Report votes and reasons. Priortize features.
    * Keep an ongoing feature request form to collect feedback even after the decision forum.

  * Action:
    * Connect with SIG leads for input. Deadline. (Needs assignment)
    * Backtrack from August workshop date. Set timeline for announcement of roadmap plans etc.
  * Ke: separate optimizer from ONNX. Take a phased approach.
  * Sheng: numpy API update. will add to the roadmap doc.

* Community meet-up planning
  * Questions
    * Time
    * Speakers
  * Checklist
