## Steering Committee Meeting 11/4/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes      |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               | Yes      |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               | Yes      |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            | Yes      |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 | Yes      |

Others: 

### Agenda:

* Prep for 2021
  * Next community meeting (3 month lead time) - Start looking for host, and consider Asia friendly time
    Action items:
    - start a thread with Ke on event inputs (Prasanth)
    Email sent today
    - follow up with LFAI on offerings for simultaneous translation (Jim)
    No translation services. Pre-record in English and present in Chinese
    
    Target April but need to find host first.
    
  * Next year elections
    Action items:
    - draft a document for community involvement (Jim)
    draft in Slack. Add to Github community folder (Jim)
    - pull request for updating the vote mechanism (Harry)
    Decision: keep as-is for now
    Check with LF AI on best practices (Jim)

* 1.8 release (Ashwini)
ONNX packages are ready. Converters are validating now.
Debugging issue on Windows in tf2onnx test suite for invalid models.


* Upcoming roadmap discussions (Jim)
  * next week

* Model zoo for image classification (Harry)
