## Steering Committee Meeting 8/17/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |  Yes     |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |  No      |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |  Yes     |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |  Yes     |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |  Yes     |

Others: Thomas Truong

### Agenda:

* Social media
  * Sheng was able to post to Twitter and FB
  * Prasanth to post about new companies that have joined ONNX recently

* Deprecate Gitter
  * Slack setup
    * users need to use 2 step process, join LFAI Slack first, then join ONNX channels
    * add instructions to SIG and WG pages
  * GitHub Discussions enabled
    * okay to go ahead with "question" issues and other discussions

* Workitems: https://github.com/onnx/steering-committee/projects/1

* Relicensing to Apache 2.0
  * Waiting on Amazon to sign off
  * Prasanth to update DCO config 
  * Need updated license from LF AI
  * Potentially need to update all files to add SPDX header
  * Target completing by workshop

* Roadmap sessions
  * Regular meetings on same days as steering committee
  * Jim to setup meetings; Harry/Prasanth to run
  
* Workshop
  * Agreed on 10/14 after reviewing calender, aligned with release 
  * Sheng can help with hosting virtually
  * Time: TBD, early morning PT 
  * Prasanth to create project board for worksop
