## Steering Committee Meeting 10/21/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |  No      |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |  No      |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |  Yes    |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |  Yes    |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |  Yes    |

Others: Thomas Truong

### Agenda:

* Workshop - Retrospective 
  * LFAI been very helpful with organizing

  From Sheng and Jim
  Notes on meet-up organization:
  - Takeaways
    - Recorded presentation actually works well for online meetup.
    - Asking for slides was a good way of ensuring relevant content.
    - Start call for contribution early so that the schedule can be adjusted based on content. We had many contributions and some didn't fit in the schedule.
  - Technical issues
    - Wrong meeting ID resulted in late start.
    - Presenter not able to click through slides.
    - Formatting issue in slides due to portability and missing font.
      - Provide a template instead.
    - Need reliable internet connection, and have a backup machine (two computers)
    - Having a co-host ready to jump in when there are issues
  - Timing
    - Live Q&A is hard for tight schedule (i.e. we should probably have more time allocated for each talk to plan for live Q&A)
      - Slack Q&A might just be a better option so that there's a record that others can refer to.
    - Be pedantic about timing and have a fixed protocol on time limit. One talk went over time for 3m but wasn't stopped
    
  Opportunity to work early on planning next workshop in Jan or early 2021, who will host, etc
  Identify release manager early, so we can plan ahead for workshop aligned with release

* Relicensing to Apache 2.0
  * Prasanth suggested to keep 1.8 release as MIT, then switch over to Apache 2.0 license after the release
  * Sheng, Jim, Joohoon ok with the proposal
    
* Additional topics - prep for 2021
  * Next community meeting (3 month lead time) - Start looking for host, and consider Asia friendly time
  * Next year elections
    * Any candidates we would like to encourage to apply? Get more active in community

 
  

