## Steering Committee Meeting 3/19/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation) | Present? |
| ------------------------------- | --- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes |
| Joe Spisak (Facebook)           | Yes |
| Vin Sharma (Amazon)             | No | 
| Harry Kim (Intel)               | Yes |
| Dilip Sequeira (Nvidia)         | Yes |

Others:
Tom Truong (IBM), 
Chin Huang (IBM)

### Agenda:

* **Community workshop** (Tom)  
Announcement posted on onnx.ai, ONNX social media, and LF AI social media.  
LF AI registration website setup.  
  
Dilip: 10 mins for SIG/WG is too little, especially if it is meant to be interactive  
Joe: leave deliberate time for Q&A in the agenda  
Harry: election update in community update section should take 5 minutes  
Chin: highlight ONNX resources on LF AI site (calendar, etc) during community update  
Prasanth: make sure the partner presentations are about ONNX, not only tangentially related to ONNX

* **ONNX 1.7 release** (Chin)  
Working on fixing issues identified. Should be done in next week. Wait to release rather than release now and patch.  
CIs are green but issues being seen when trying with backends.  
Chin to run post mortem after release on how to catch and avoid these types of issues going forward.  

* **Election roll out** (Harry)  
Contributor list needs to be finalized.
Announcement first week of April.
Need to finalize contributor list before announcement goes out.
May need email alias from LFAI for Contributors.

* **Community items**  
None
