## Steering Committee Meeting 9/3/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |     yes  |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |     yes  |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |     yes  |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |     yes  |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |     yes  |

Others: Guillaume, Patrick St-Amant, Tom Truong, Ashwini Khade

### Agenda:

* Assemble (5 minutes)

* Deprecate Gitter (2 minutes)
  * Slack setup
    * add instructions to SIG and WG pages (Harry)
    * add instructions to onnx.ai (Ask Joohoon)
    * migrate gitter to slack one by one (Jim)
    * Gitter channel post corresponding slack channel

* Workshop - Wed Oct 14 7-10am PT - Next ONNX Community Meeting (2 minutes)
  * Email invitation (linux foundation)

* Relicensing to Apache 2.0 (2 minutes)
  * Duel license note recommended (Jim followed up with LFAI)
  * Enable github DCO (Prasanth)

* Roadmap sessions planned for next week  (2 minutes)
  * Vision (Harry/Prasanth)

* Zetane Presentation (15 minutes)
 * Working with ONNX - industry agnostic (vendor neutral), performance friendly, 3D friendtly

* Wrap Up (0 minutes) - transition into roadmap meeting
   
 
  
