## Steering Committee Meeting 7/29/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |   yes    |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |   yes    |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |   yes    |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |   yes    |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |   yes    |

Others: Ashwini Khade, Ching Huang, Tom Truong


### Agenda:

* Next Steering Committee meeting at 9:30am Thursday August 6. 
  * Announcement to the community => Jim: distribution to ONNX mailing list. Harry & Sheng: Github & Social Media announcement. 
  * LFAI logistics => WIP (any update?)
  * Jim to work with Jacqueline to fix calendar
  
* Slack follow up 
  * Tom: any update from call with Jacqueline? 
  * Decided - tick with LF AI Slack 

* Separating optimizer into it's own repo 
  * Prasanth: remove - infrastructure SIG responsible, make sure 1.8 release all taken care of
  * Agreed with the proposal. Owners: Fumi, Daqxian (Harry to fill out after the meeting) Harry: new proposal - any update? 

* ONNX 1.8 release
   * Chin: any update? Need a release manager: Nomination? Rotate between companies?  
   * Recommend: Minimize dependencey just to ONNX runtime, Simplicity scripts, Time-based or meaningful features
   * Harry: time window tight,announce in next community meeting - what feature-based release
   * Joohoon: A release has benefits
   * Chin: It would be nearly identical, just a few PRs merged
   * Prasanth: (1) new features - ask WGs, or (2) process improvements
   * Ashwini: Windows CONDA issue not fixed - a candidate, how to validate release candidates; when release date
   * Prasanth: Need to identify people to help fix each issue (need community help across companies)
   * Chin: Three areas to improve on - recommend release in October - if possible, someone from Microsoft this time
   * Tom: Right process? Prasanth asked IBM to step up for 1.7
   * Decision: Ashwini for Oct Release 1.8, Microsoft Microsoft, Intel (maybe) 1.9
   * FYI opset versioning rule change: https://github.com/onnx/onnx/pull/2925
   
* Harry: suggestion to use Github project milestones
   * Harry: any update? Process description? Examples?
   

* ONNX social media (prasanth)

* Hosting roadmap discussion [[link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14-b92ALTP9K1bzQl9bRXtrqri5RfixFBCMV8SwTVxn0/edit?ts=5eb43d22)]
   * Jim: Any updates? Do a meeting before next community meeting, and then have a read out?
   * Harry: Model encryption proposal from Intel (one page writeup - integreate in Roadmap document)
   * Prasanth: Github issue with one pager

* Community workshop planning - Europe friendly time (6am PT - 10am PT is 3pm - 7pm Berlin time)
  * Sheng: Any update? Identify host? Date?
  
* Other topics for future SC agenda consideration
  * Sheng/Prasanth: Where should ONNX Runtime live? Roadmap discussion?
  * Joohoon: ONNX Perf Test? Roadmap discussion?
  * Jim: Relicensing updates (WIP)
  * Prasanth: Contributor visibility (WIP)

