## Steering Committee Meeting 7/9/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present? |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |  yes     |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |  yes     |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |  yes     |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |  yes     |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |  yes     |

Others: Sree Vaddi


### Agenda:

* Moving SC meeting time to 4pm on Mondays
  * This is to accommodate potential participants from China (e.g. Ke Zhang Arch & Infra SIG chair)
  * Action: rotate between Monday China-friendly time and Thursday Europe-friendly time. Follow up on Slack.

* Slack usage
  * Thomas: onnx.slack may be on a dead account. lfai account is a free account and we don't have workspace. we should move to lfai account and revisit in 6 months.
  * Consensus: use slack in favor of gitter.
  * Action: set up ONNX- channels on lfai slack site (Jim)

* SIG co-chair application followup
  * Ke & Vinitra
  * Harry followed up with Vinitra. Ke still needs to be contacted.
  * Prasanth: recognize active contributors and encourage participation.
  * Action: follow up with Ke's application (Harry)

* Separating ONNX and optimizer
  * Discuss on Monday
  * Action: broadcast the meeting invite to ONNX community (Jim)

* Communication discussion
  * Emailing list: LFAI, @onnx.ai (Jim to update)
  * Jim: three standard lists available. open but anonymous. do we need membership list somewhere?
  * Harry, Prasanth: contributor list already set up.
  * Jim: use lfai list for broadcast.
  * Sree: auto archive slack conversation to linux list.

* We didn't get to the items below this
--
* Roadmap process discussion[[link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14-b92ALTP9K1bzQl9bRXtrqri5RfixFBCMV8SwTVxn0/edit?ts=5eb43d22)]
  * Proposal from Harry:
    * Keep the release aligned with a certain event (time based release). If there is a major feature in the works for the long term, then consider feature based release.
    * Publicly announce new roadmap suggestion & feedback collection after each release. Work with Steering Committee companies to provide active feedback.
    * After feedback is gathered, open decision session to public. Decisions to be made by SC during the session. Report votes and reasons. Priortize features.
    * Keep an ongoing feature request form to collect feedback even after the decision forum.

  * Action:
    * Connect with SIG leads for input. Deadline. (Needs assignment)
    * Backtrack from August workshop date. Set timeline for announcement of roadmap plans etc.
  * Ke: separate optimizer from ONNX. Take a phased approach.
  * Sheng: numpy API update. will add to the roadmap doc.

* Community meet-up planning
  * Questions
    * Time
    * Speakers
  * Checklist
