## Steering Committee Meeting 10/21/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes      |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               | Yes      |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               | Yes      |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            | Yes      |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 | Yes      |

Others: Thomas Truong, Ashwini Khade, Sree Vaddi

### Agenda:

* Prep for 2021
  * Next community meeting (3 month lead time) - Start looking for host, and consider Asia friendly time
    * Prasanth: quarterly might be too much. twice or three times a year seems appropriate.
    * Joohoon: sync with release cycle?
    * Prasanth: no need to have a meeting for each release. good to have a release at the time of meeting.
    * Jim: motivation is that we had a meet-up in China around the same time last year. shall we have an algorithm for community meeting hosting by SC member and release?
    * Prasanth: good to have a China-friendly time next time. Organizer doesn't have to be SC member.
    * Jim: call for host 4 months in advance?
    * Harry: Ke is in China and may be helpful.
    * Sheng: Ke's input will be helpful for hosting and timing
    * Joohoon: March coincides with GTC. prefer a different time
    * Harry: shall we require English?
    * Sheng: likely virtual event, so we can ask for pre-recorded presentation in English.
    * Prasanth: recent LFAI event in Japan where presenters are all speaking in Japanese.
    Action items:
    - start a thread with Ke on event inputs (Prasanth)
    - follow up with LFAI on offerings for simultaneous translation (Jim)
  * Next year elections
    * Any candidates we would like to encourage to apply? Get more active in community
    * Harry: election guideline in this repo. elements: 1) 1-month lead time for self nomination. 2) voting on a platform provided by Cornell. Feedback: company votes were a separate stage, which probably isn't necessary. Messaging that everyone who's willing is eligible.
    * Jim: offering alternative involvements in SIGs is helpful. Happy to help document community involvements.
    * Sree: this would help nudge newcomers for contributions.
    Action items:
    - draft a document for community involvement (Jim)
    - pull request for updating the vote mechanism (Harry)

* 1.8 release
  * test pypi package available now thanks to Jacky.
  * Ashwini: we uploaded rc to test pypi and asking converter folks to test. we use travis-ci for testing and it's backing up and slowing the process. Reached out to travis-ci and was asked to move to travis-ci.com. requires admin access. will move to github actions next time. mac already migrated.
  Action items:
  - SC figure out admin access for travis-ci.com migration. (Prasanth, done)


----------------- we didn't get to the topics below -----------
* Upcoming roadmap discussions (Jim)
  * next week

* Model zoo for image classification (Harry)
