## Steering Committee Meeting 7/23/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |  Yes     |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |  Yes     |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |  Yes   |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |  Yes     |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |  Yes     |

Others: Thomas Truong, Chin Huang


### Agenda:

* Next Steering Committee meeting at 5 pm Wed. 
  * Announcement to the community => Jim: distribution to ONNX mailing list. Harry & Sheng: Github & Social Media announcement. 
  * LFAI logistics => WIP
  
* Slack follow up 
  * Tom: Direct invite link to LFAI onnx channel. Tom: direct link estabilished. Working to get ONNX workspace within LFAI slack. 
  * Update ONNX website to include direct link to ONNX channels in Slack. 
  * Everyone: Test the direct link 
  * Hold off on Slack integration until next week. 

* Separating optimizer into it's own repo 
  * Prasanth: close out on the PR the SIG had filed and help setup the new repo.
  * Agreed with the proposal. Owners: Fumi, Daqxian (Harry to fill out after the meeting) 

* Numpy API proposal
  * Sheng: info shared in slack. Update table with ONNX column. Sheng: to follow up in 2 weeks. 
  * Sheng to represent ONNX at PyData consortium. 

* ONNX 1.8 release
  * Chin: release managment tied to September workshop
   * Technical aspect: 
    * Automation of release. 
    * Consolidate build process
    * Release package is quite large at the moment. Consider having multiple packages
   * Operation aspect
    * Time based release with exit criteria documented
    * Release dependency needs to be defined (ONNX Runtime, etc). Should it depend on converters?
     * Sheng: Where should ONNX Runtime live? 
     * Joohoon: Lack of perf tests with ONNX. If ONNX Runtime is designed to provide such capability, then it should be part of ONNX. 
   * Do we have nough features for the time based release? 
   
  * Harry: suggestion to use Github project milestones
  * Hosting roadmap discussion [[link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14-b92ALTP9K1bzQl9bRXtrqri5RfixFBCMV8SwTVxn0/edit?ts=5eb43d22)]

* SIG co-chair application followup
  * Arch/Infra: WIP
  * Model Zoo/Tutorials: allow for flexibility 

* Community workshop planning
  * Target european friendly time
  
* ONNX Social media  
  
