## Steering Committee Meeting 8/6/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |  Yes     |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |  Yes     |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |  Yes     |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |  Yes     |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |  Yes     |

Others: 
Thomas Truong 
Chin Huang

### Agenda:

* All current working items mapped to project within ONNX github. Please take a look and add any missing work items
* Roadmap for 1.8 and onward ([Doc link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14-b92ALTP9K1bzQl9bRXtrqri5RfixFBCMV8SwTVxn0/edit?ts=5eb43d22))
  * Discussion on process
    * Host public backlog gathering using the doc
    * Publich discussion on roadmap.
  * Notes
    * Jim : Use community meeting as an opportunity to ask working groups to engage on roadmap discussions
    * Harry : Need clear process for determining what is useful
    * Prasanth : Should steering committe start weekly meeting initially to discuss roadmap in more detail, and communicate, gather feedback
    * Need focused roadmap meeting and invite people for discussion  
    * Use Wed/Thur time slot (alternating with SC meeting)
  
* Workshop:  Europe friendly time (6am PT - 10am PT is 3pm - 7pm Berlin time)
  * Notes
    * Workshop can be scheduled prior to release, suggestion is to host workshop in late September
    * Suggested 9/30, review external events calender to avoid conflict with other major events
    * Apache con is 9/28 ~ 10/3 
    * Agreed on 10/14 after reviewing calender, aligned with release 
    * Sheng can help with hosting virtually
    * Time: TBD, early morning PT 

* Social media
  * Notes 
    * LFAI can't actively maintain. 
    * Prasanth proposing ONNX social media wiki, and looking for volunteers to help 
  
