## Steering Committee Meeting 6/11/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation) | Present? |
| ------------------------------- | --- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               | Yes |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               | Yes |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            | Yes |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 | Yes | 

Others: Chin Huang, Thomas Truong 

### Agenda:

* Quick followup items
  * ONNX Steering Committee blog article. Social media announcement. (Completed. Prasanth to update the onnx.ai)
  * License update MIT => Apache 2 DCO (WIP. Follow up with Intel, Nvidia, & Amazon) 
  * SIG open slot notification to SC applicants 
  * Steering committee weekly rotation (Yes. Sequential.)
  
* Release WG (Chin) [[Notes](https://github.com/onnx/working-groups/blob/aff76f912436c0ba5634f5db385d5fa712b63d9a/release/meetings/001-20200603.md)]
  * Validation dependecy: ONNX, ONNX Runtime, Converters 
  * Frequency and schedule 
     * Sheng: Public Beta to let frameworks test out the release before the release
     * Tom: Exit criteria needs to be defined for each release.
  
* Communication discussion 
  * Communication platform choice for ONNX SC, Contributors, and community. 
    * Tom to create onnx.slack.com
  * Emailing list: LFAI, @onnx.ai
    * To be discussed during next committee meeting

* Roadmap process discussion
  1) Gather requests and ideas [[link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14-b92ALTP9K1bzQl9bRXtrqri5RfixFBCMV8SwTVxn0/edit?ts=5eb43d22)]
  2) Decision making 
  3) Project timeline
  4) How to surface it to the community
  
  
