## Steering Committee Meeting 6/3/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation) | Present? |
| ------------------------------- | --- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               | Yes |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               | Yes |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            | Yes |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 | Yes | 

Others: Chin Huang (IBM), Tom Truong (IBM)

### Agenda:

* **New Steering Committee members**  
Names updated on https://github.com/onnx/steering-committee/blob/master/README.md  
Action items from last time:  
  * Update election files in github - PRs submitted by Prasanth
  * Notify voters and candidates via email and encourage candidates to join/lead SIGs (Harry) - Infra and Model Zoo have open lead positions  
  * Blog for LFAI on new steering committee (Jim) - draft to be sent out 
  * Share on ONNX social media Monday June 1 (Prasanth) - waiting on blog

* **License updates** (Jim)  
IBM approved; waiting on others  
Jim putting together background context for those teams who were not involved originally  

* **Roadmap thoughts**  
Sheng:  
  * Frameworks interoperability with numpy operator definitions  
  * Sheng talking with Travis from numpy  
  * Consider common abstraction for scheduling for more interoperability  
  * Sheng to start issue in GitHub  

Harry:  
  * Improve communication channels
  * Messaging platform [LF AI has a Slack channel per Jim]
  * make sure we address feedback from Chin, outside of Release WG formation  

Tom:  
  * identify next release manager  

Chin:  
  * Release WG kicked off yesterday
  * Will continue until release of 1.8
  * need to determine next release, whether its time based or feature based
