## Steering Committee Meeting 10/8/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |  Yes    |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |  Yes    |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |  Yes    |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |  Yes    |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |  Yes    |

Others: Chun-Wei ("Jacky") CHen, Tom Truong, Chin Huang, Ashwini Khade

### Agenda:

* Workshop - Wed Oct 14 7-10am PT - Next ONNX Community Meeting
  * Registration update (Sheng - remind speakers to register)
  * Outreach update - (Jim - LinkedIn - check existing)
  * Review introduction progress, roadmap (will have by Friday)
  * Review community speakers and presentations (Sheng) (Jim check with Alex)
  * Review SIG/Working group status (confirmed)
  * Sheng or Joohoon will present welcone
  * Prasanth and Jim on license and DCO - announce change, required, best practice, roll out
  * Harry (primary) roadmap process (by Friday)
  * Jacky (1.8 Release) - already uploaded

* Gitter to Slack migration
  * update on where we are (Jim)
  * Targeting gitter shutdown by community meeting.

* Relicensing to Apache 2.0
  * DCO enabled as build check on all repos. Will be made required before community meeting
  * Prasanth to follow up with Jacky
  
* 1.8 Release (Target 10/19/2020 week of)
  * Release manager: Jacky (Microsoft) 
  * Validation plan? (Reach out to Chin - Harry) - functional and package test
  
* Roadmap discussion
  * onnx.ai/impact - top featured
  * highly rated like model zoo - just do it via SIG
  * other highly rated need a RFC work documetions
  * group by SIGs next step with new TAB 
  * Engineering costs
  * Long-term roadmap
  * Post community meeting, 4 roadmap scheduled (2 Asia, 2 Europe friendless)
  * Action: Harry to sent SIG leads note on priorities

* Additional topics - prep for 2021
  * Next year elections
  * Next community meeting (3 month lead time)
 
  


