## Steering Committee Meeting 08/20/2021

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |  yes     |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    |  Yes     |
| Mayank Kaushik (Nvidia)         |  Yes     |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         |  Yes     |
| Wenming Ye (AWS)                |  No     |

Others:  

### Agenda:
  
  #### Roadmap discussions
  - Calendar invites for the roadmap discussion have been sent out. 4 sessions to be held
  - Sept 8 (5:30 to 6pm), Sept 17 (10 to 10:30am), Sept 22 (5:30 to 6pm), Oct 1 (10 to 10:30am): PST times listed here
  - Website/Slack/Facebook/Twitter broadcast the roadmap topics for discussion prior to each sessions.
  - Alternate hosting the meeting (Rajeev, Alex), let us know if you also want to help hosting.
    
  #### ONNX Community workshop
  - Next ONNX community meetup set for Oct 21, 2021 (8 to 11am PST)
  - Based on previous timelines sheet, need to start on some items next week. Will be collaborating with Erin Thacker (LF AI & Data Event coordinator)
  - Erin has contacted Rajeev and looked at the page for the event, added to the calendar (greething)
  - End of the week we will have a registration page. To attend or not. 
  - Prashenth: offer help to get the word out on all the media. Usually LFAI will tweet from their account.
  - When do we call out for content: Last time we had a form. We had to use MS forms (China friendly). Ask if Erin could also ask it.
  - Next week we can have a discussion on the content.
  - Tweet early next week about saving the date, once registration is ready.
 
  #### Status of Data Prep and Featurization
  - Mayank: decided on monthly channel, slack channel Preprocessing (#onnx-preprocessing).
  - First meeting was well attended.
  - Next meeting, not decided when yet. Time is ok with China, Poland, and West coast.
  
  #### Quick update on Model Hub
  - PR landed and will be part of the official release.
  - Good topic for the workshop, ask about writing a blog earlier.
 
