## Steering Committee Meeting 10/29/2021

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes      |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | Yes      |
| Mayank Kaushik (Nvidia)         | No       |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         | Yes      |
| Wenming Ye (AWS)                | Yes      |

Others: Rajeev Rao (Nvidia), Jim Spohrer, Ashwini Khade (Microsoft)

### Agenda:
  
  #### ONNX Community Workshop on Oct 21 (8 to 11am Pacific)
  - Thanks to all SC members, community contributors, SIG/WG leads for a successful workshop
  - Impressive engagement & usage in ONNX. Across the board PR's, Contributors, Stars, Dependent repos, Forsk, Models in zoo, Monthly downloads of 1.6m (436% increase) 
  - Numbers of papers was 0% increase, How can we improve as we track this further ? Prasanth mentioned that Archive shows additional papers, new method for query needed
  - Example: Bytedance published an ONNX dependent paper, google scholar shows higher number like ~645 and we need newer mechanism to query and certainly a growing usage  
  - Zoom recording for entire workshop is uploaded.
  - Videos to be posted on youtube every week. Rajeev to follow-up with Erin
  - Post workshop survey to be collected, follow-up with Erin
  - Total of 115 registrations recorded by LF AI
  - Zoom attendees count was around 69 folks (showed up as 59 in participants list), but there were attendees dropping/new ones joining. Similar to last workshop.
  - There was some confusion regarding zoom calendar invites, were they sent out to all registered attendees
  - Streaming done in China using BiliBili, need to get some numbers if available.
  - Waiting for post-event survey results from Erin Thacker
  - Hopefully next time will be live in March/April 2022

  #### Roadmap & SIG/WG next steps for proposals
  - SIG/WG leads have started incorporating roadmap items and Alex attended Operators SIG, it was already discussing about 3 proposals this week.	
  - Ashwini mentioned that lots of Arch/infra items now part of Operators SIG, Next monthly meeting to cover some additional Arch/infra items
  - Alex will share the consolidated roadmap proposal items. Also part of ONNX-roadmap slack channel. 
  - Wenming still waiting for recording of roadmap #4 session.
  
  -	New operators for data processing stage of the ML pipeline => Pre-processing, Operators
  -	C API for the C++ components of ONNX ==> Arch/Infra
  -	Better support for emitting ONNX models from other languages beyond python ==> Arch/Infra
  -	Add meta information in tensors ==> Arch/Infra, Converters, Release
  -	E2E Pipeline with ONNX operators (include Keras, TF, Scikit-learn/Spark pipeline pre-processing flows) using single graph ==> Arch/Infra, Pre-processing, Operators, Modelzoo 
  -	Converter improvements for better graph optimizations ==> Operators, Converters
  -	Address gaps with Opset conversion (i.e. upgrading the ops from older models to improve robustness and ability to quantize) ==> Arch/Infra, Converters, Release
  -	ONNX model zoo examples for E2E training (distributed training and large model trainings) ==> ModelZoo
  -	Define concept of federated learning ==> Operators
  -	Improve shape inference implementation ==> Arch/Infra 
  -	Introduce ONNX model provenance and security ==> Arch/Infra, Pre-processing, Operators, Converters, ModelZoo, Runtime/Frameworks
  -	ONNX model zoo support for quantized and mixed precision models ==> Operators, Converters, ModelZoo

 #### ONNX release(s) Ashwini Open
 - 2021 already has 3 releases
 - Proposing a release for early 2022.
 - Alex: Lots of warnings flagged in current builds, can ONNX spec treat warnings as errors ? Ashwini reported CI pipeline treats them as errors, protobuf oriented ones.
 - Alex to share build logs. Need to cover similarly for Linux/Windows builds for warnings -> errors.
