##  ONNX Leadership Meeting  – 19 November 2025

**Objective of the ONNX Leadership Meeting:**
*To bring together the Steering Committee, SIG (Special Interest Group) leads, and WG (Working Group) leads to share updates, align on current initiatives, and collaboratively discuss strategic priorities for the future development and direction of the ONNX project.*

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| SC: Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)            |  |
| SC: Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)                 | x |
| SC: Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)          | x |
| SC: Ganesan Ramalingam ("Rama") (Microsoft) | x |
| SC: Agnes So (Intel)                        | x |
| SIG Architecture & Infra:	Andreas Fehlner | x |
| SIG Architecture & Infra:	Xavier Dupre |  |
| SIG Compilers: Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM) | |
| SIG Compilers: Philip Lassen (Groq) | x |
| SIG Converters:	Xavier Dupre (Microsoft) | |
| SIG Converters:	Kevin Chen (NVIDIA) | | 
| SIG Models and tutorials: Daniel Holanda Noronha (AMD): | |
| SIG Models and tutorials: Javier Martinez (Intel) | x |
| SIG Optimizations:	Freddy Chiu (Intel) | | 
| SIG Optimizations: Justin Chu (Microsoft) | |
| SIG Operators: Ganesan "Rama" Ramalingam (Microsoft) | x |
| SIG Operators: Michal Karzynski (Intel) | |
| WG: Preprocessing: oaquin Anton (NVIDIA) | |
| WG: Multi-device: Kevin Chen (NVIDIA) |  |  
| WG: Multi-device: Ganesan Ramalingam (Microsoft)| x | 
| WG: Safety-Related-Profile: | |	
| WG: Generative-AI: | |

Moderator: Andreas Fehlner

### Action items:

| Area / Topic                         | Action Item                                                   | Owner(s)               | Due Date / Notes                                      |
|--------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| Possible move to PyTorch Foundation  | Gather detailed information on governance, neutrality, and expected responsibilities | Andreas, Ganesan | Before next scheduled discussion |
| Possible move to PyTorch Foundation  | Obtain the contact information of the right person at PyTorch Foundation | Andreas | —                                                     |
| Meeting cadence                      | Switch Steering Committee meetings from weekly to bi-weekly    | Andreas | Starting next meeting cycle                          |
| Meeting cadence                      | Announce that the next meeting will be Dec 3 (skip Thanksgiving week) | Andreas | —                                                     |
| Probabilistic Models WG proposal     | Invite the operators SIG to listen to presentation about forming a new working group on probabilistic models | Andreas | At next Steering Committee meeting |
| GitHub Secure Open Source Fund       | Prepare the application and clarify expectations (what the fund does, support needed, security aspects) | Andreas | — |


### Agenda
* Moving to PyTorch Foundation?
* Steering Committee Meeting Schedule Update
* GitHub Secure Open Source Fund

# ONNX's Potential PyTorch Foundation Move:

* The meeting focused on the potential move of ONNX to join the PyTorch Foundation, with mixed opinions expressed.
* Mayank shared feedback from Intel and Yamini, who supported the proposal, while Andreas raised concerns about
  losing neutrality. We should keep in mind that ONNX’s perceived neutrality might be affected.
* The group discussed potential benefits (e.g., increased visibility and access to a larger contributor pool via the PyTorch conference), although these benefits are currently somewhat intangible
* Ganesan emphasized the need for clear advantages, and Andreas suggested that ONNX would need to actively leverage opportunities to gain traction.
* The group agreed to seek concrete answers to their questions from the PyTorch Foundation before making a decision.
* The team discussed joining the PyTorch Foundation and its Technical Advisory Committee, with Andreas and Ganesan exploring potential benefits and interactions.
* They noted that Xavier Dupre, who is one of the SIG Arch/Infra leaders, is already part of the committee, though Ganesan expressed uncertainty about the committee's current activity level.
* The team highlighted the need to understand how ONNX would interact with other structures within the foundation, including governance bodies, working groups, and existing technical committees, before moving forward.
* The group agreed that while joining the foundation might help increase ONNX's visibility, they would need to actively engage with the community regardless of whether they leave LF AI & Data to move under the PyTorch Foundation or choose to stay.

# Steering Committee Meeting Schedule Update:

* The steering committee agreed to switch from weekly to bi-weekly meetings, with each meeting lasting approximately 30 minutes. They confirmed that the next meeting would be on December 3rd, skipping the Thanksgiving week.
* Andreas proposed forming a working group for probabilistic models in ONNX, and Rama was invited to join the steering committee meeting to discuss this.


# GitHub Secure Open Source Fund

* Andreas suggested to sent an application to the GitHub Secure Open Source Fund (https://resources.github.com/github-secure-open-source-fund/) to improve the overall project security.
* Andreas expressed his intention to contribute, especially in the areas of pipelines and supply chain security. He emphasized that the GitHub Open Security Fund is highly valuable.
* The steering committee needs further details and clarifications before it can move forward with the next steps.
