##  ONNX Leadership Meeting  â€“ 11 February 2026

**Objective of the ONNX Leadership Meeting:**
*To bring together the Steering Committee, SIG (Special Interest Group) leads, and WG (Working Group) leads to share updates, align on current initiatives, and collaboratively discuss strategic priorities for the future development and direction of the ONNX project. The meeting is open to anyone from the community who is interested.*

The meeting link could be found at: https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/lfai-onnx?view=month

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| SC: Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)            | x  |
| SC: Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)                 |  |
| SC: Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)          | x |
| SC: Ganesan Ramalingam (Microsoft) | x |
| SC: Agnes So (Intel)                        |  |
| SIG Architecture & Infra:	Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)| x |
| SIG Architecture & Infra:	Christian Bourjau (QuantCo)| x |
| SIG Compilers: Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM) | x |
| SIG Compilers: Philip Lassen (Groq) | |
| SIG Converters:	Xavier Dupre (Microsoft) | |
| SIG Converters:	Kevin Chen (NVIDIA) | | 
| SIG Models and tutorials: Daniel Holanda Noronha (AMD) | |
| SIG Models and tutorials: Javier Martinez (Intel) | |
| SIG Optimizations: Freddy Chiu (Intel) | | 
| SIG Optimizations: Justin Chu (Microsoft) | x |
| SIG Operators: Ganesan Ramalingam (Microsoft) | x |
| SIG Operators: Michal Karzynski (Intel) | |
| WG: Multi-device: Kevin Chen (NVIDIA) |  |  
| WG: Multi-device: Ganesan Ramalingam (Microsoft) | x | 
| WG: Safety-Related-Profile: Eric JENN (IRT Saint-Exupery) | |
| WG: Safety-Related-Profile: Jean SOUYRIS (Airbus) | |
| WG: Generative-AI: Yamini Nimmagadda (Intel) | |
| WG: Generative-AI: Ramakrishna Sivakumar (AMD) | |

Dmitry Bagaev (TU Eindhoven), Adam Pocok (Oracle)

Moderator: Andreas Fehlner

## Next Steps
* Andreas: Set up formal kickoff and infrastructure (e.g., LFX settings) for the new probabilistic modeling working group.
* Andreas: Send out the link and details about the official definition and process for forming an ONNX working group to participants.
* Adam and Brian: Serve as co-chairs for the new probabilistic modeling working group.
* Adam: Fully specify and implement Python reference implementations for probabilistic random number generators in ONNX within the next month.
* Brian: Continue outreach to the probabilistic programming language (PPL) community to identify interested contributors and determine which frameworks to target for initial converter development.
* Andreas: Contact Matt White (or relevant PyTorch Foundation contacts) to clarify any changes in benefits or requirements for ONNX joining the PyTorch Foundation, given recent leadership changes.
* Andreas: Write up and share information on the OpenSSF silver badge requirements and process for ONNX, as discussed in the last architecture meeting.
* Christian: Send a reminder and broadcast the ONNX ecosystem/core proposal survey within IBM and encourage further responses.
* Andreas and Javier: Work together to establish a new working group for the equivalent subgraph initiative.
* All participants: Fill out the ONNX ecosystem/core proposal survey if not already done.

## New ML Working Group Formation:
* The meeting focused on the formation of a new working group for statistical and reproducible machine learning operators. The group aimed to gather more interest and expertise for the working group, with Dmitry expressing curiosity and interest in probabilistic programming. The conversation ended with plans to present the working group proposal, with Adam expected to provide further details.

### Probabilistic Modeling in ONNX:

* Adam presented on probabilistic modeling and the challenges of implementing probabilistic programming languages (PPLs). He explained the need for a cross-platform format like ONNX to export models from different PPLs, which would improve deployment and sharing capabilities. The discussion focused on adding new operations to ONNX to support core probabilistic functions, including random number generation, sampling from probability distributions, and inference operations like Hamiltonian Monte Carlo. Adam emphasized the importance of specifying these operations more tightly and developing a well-understood runtime to enable the use of ONNX as a backend for PPLs.
* Adam presented on the integration of probabilistic programming languages (PPLs) with ONNX, highlighting the reuse of mathematical operations and linear algebra from ONNX in HMC and other probabilistic models. He explained that while most mathematical primitives would be reused, specific operations like backpropagation and matrix functionality would need to be implemented. The team discussed the potential for combining different inference methods across model graphs and the need for converter tools to handle different PPLs, with Adam suggesting Stan and PyMC as initial targets. The working group's formation was proposed, with Adam emphasizing the importance of specifying probabilistic random number generators and their Python reference implementations as a foundation for the group's work.
* The group discussed the development of exporters for probabilistic programming languages (PPLs) to convert models into ONNX format. Adam explained that while simple models could be easily exported, more complex models might require additional work. They discussed the potential benefits and challenges of such exporters, including the need to handle different random number generators across PPLs. Dmitry expressed interest in participating and sharing examples from his research. The group also touched on the overlap between different PPLs and the potential for a common language in ONNX. Finally, they considered starting a working group to further explore these ideas, with Andreas suggesting they were ready to begin this initiative.
   
## ONNX Working Groups Overview:
* Andreas explained the structure and purpose of working groups in ONNX, noting that they are temporary entities formed to address specific goals and deliverables. He clarified that while working groups do not own code long-term, they can create specifications, recommendations, or implementations for submission to the relevant SIG for approval. Andreas emphasized that a formal working group would require alignment with ONNX's vision and direction, and suggested that the probabilistic programming initiative could potentially fit within the existing operator framework.

## PyTorch Foundation
* They discussed the possibility of leaving LF AI and Data to join the PyTorch Foundation, though Andreas expressed uncertainty about the next steps due to recent leadership changes.

## Subgraph Working Group
* The group also addressed the need for more responses to a survey on ONNX ecosystem proposals, with Alexandre offering to broadcast it further. Finally, Javier proposed creating a working group for equivalent subgraph discussions, which the others supported.
