## Steering Committee Meeting 07/05/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | no |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | yes |

Other attendees: Freddy Chiu (Intel) Renuke Mendis (Intel)

Moderator: Saurabh

### Opens
  - LFAI ONNX Video express learning course
    - Prasanth suggests we explore the opportunity. We should understand the scope and constraints and pull in subject matter experts as required.
    - Andreas will setup a follow-up meeting with LFAI content creation.
  - HeMan follow-up: Homomorphic encryption, Andreas is engaging with them to identify if ONNX has any gaps.
  - Mayank has split the videos and uploaded them to youtube, he will be adding metadata and creating a playlist next.
    - Andreas can help to upload agenda linking them to videos.
    - Prasanth, we should post a regular stream of videos every couple of weeks, promoting the speaker and content.
    - Thank you !! Mayank for hosting the community and driving the discussions.

### Agenda:  
  #### Intel Neural Compressor Migration and Model Optimization SIG Proposal.
  - Steering Committee has voted and approved Intel's proposal.
    1.	Integrate Intel Neural Compressor into ONNX while explicitly naming it as an Intel Optimizer tool and
    2.	Work with the ONNX community to support standing up an ONNX Optimization SIG, where vendor optimizer tools would be hosted.
  - SC Committee suggests we formalize creating the Model Optimization SIG.
    - ONNX/Optimizer repository should also be included in this SIG.
  
  #### Multi-Device Proposal to create a Working Group
  - Provide the description of the goal/outcome and success criterion for completion.
  - Mayank planning to share the goal and description for review by next week.
  - Scope around Data center and ONNX model metadata.
  
  #### Next meeting (2023-07-12)
  - Moderator: Andreas
