## Steering Committee Meeting 03/01/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    |  |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         |  |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  |  |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          |  |

Moderator: Prasanth

Other attendees: 

### Agenda:
  
  #### Roadmap process
  - Alex and Saurabh to finish grouping, publish all proposals group by next week in the github rep 
  - Alex suggests time: 11-12 Eastern Time, 8-9am Pacific Time...
  - Reference to the operators already in tomorrow's Operators Sig Meeting.
 
  #### Compiler SIG
  - Prasanth will work with LFAI to setup security groups for the new SIG.
  - PR filed in the SIG repo: https://github.com/onnx/sigs/pull/143
  - Alex will merge and commit the PR and remove the some redundancy in the descriptions

  #### Visibility and up-to-dateness of the SIG and WG leads overviews  
  - The SIG leads information is not updated. Andreas suggest there should be one page where we can maintain the list.
  - Prasanth suggest we use the table in SIG top page to add new columns for SIG lead and contact information. 
 

  #### LFX / LFX security / Openssf scorecard
  - Andreas started introducing the openssf scorecard. Best pracitices defined by a working group of the Open Source Security Foundation
  - Coordination with SIG leads regarding changes to create more points in LFX and scorecard still pending.
  - Alex: https://security.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/ was helpful 

  #### ONNX LFAI Calendar
  - Getting write access to the calendar
    - Each SIG has its own calendar
    - When the Compiler SIG is created, they would get their own calendar and get write access
    - The Operators calendar should be renamed (If you always hold the meetings together with the Arch/Infra Sig)

  #### Annual Elections
  - Prasanth to work with SIG leads to ensure the List of elgible voters is accurate.
  
  #### Misc
  - Need someone to host it. 
  - Hybrid?
  - June?
  
  #### Next meeting (2023-03-08)
  - Moderator: Alex


 
