## Steering Committee Meeting 01/11/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |    |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    |    |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         |    |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          |    |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  |    |

Other attendees: 

### Agenda:
  
  #### ONNX 1.13 release
  - Release manager: Przemys≈Çaw Wysocki (Intel)
  - release branch has been cut
  - issues filed against converters and ORT to validate
  - target release date is on 12/16 (Friday)
  - planning to do a Release Review video (ongoing)
  
  #### Roadmap process
  - Notice posted to slack channels and emails sent out
  - 2 submissions so far, none since last week.
  - Website updated (Alex) and post on social (Prasanth, done)
   - (Alex/Prasanth) to follow up in January once everyone is back in the office

  #### Videos on website
  - Added files needed for GitHub workflow to the webpage, but then realized this won't work
  - Prasanth suggested outputting videos from CI to a subfolder
   - We would like to first get the website running and then setup CI. Andreas already had CI running on the fork.
   
  #### Google Summer of Code
  - should we submit a project?
  - documentation-only projects not allowed
  - might be good opportunity for working groups
  - Andreas shared info on slack channels
    - no reaction so far. Will ask chairs to prod for answers.
    - Alex will look for ONNX-MLIR, Rajeev will ask for Neural Compressor team.
  - Andreas will sync with Prasanth offline

  #### Next meeting (2023-XX-XX)
  - Moderator: 
