## Steering Committee Meeting 10/11/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | yes |

Other attendees: Liqun Fu (MSFT), G Rama (MSFT)

Moderator: Alexandre

#### Optimizations SIG
 - Saurabh to ask Freddy to share update: posted link and posted to our chat.
   - Andreas: not yet on GitHub; Saurabh: still investigating tools. 
 - still missing from calendar - now solved. Alex: can caldendar be imported?
   - Andreas: if you are registered to the mailing list, operations should be fine.

#### Multi-Device Working Group
 - had their second meeting, with a presentation by Rama.
 - Rama: question:
   - what is the goal of the representation, enable optimization or manual opt.
   - representation represent all the optimization (Rama's view)
   - others may have a different opinion.
 - Mayank: is it specific to a machine and backend?
 - Rama: not specific to a backend, but to a given topology.
 - Mayank: what is the hard part that the backend would have to solve.
 - Rama: sharding, would like that to be done for the backend.
   - ONNX give the sharding and for the backend to figure it out
   - or, ONNX solve the problem of sharding and give the specific data to work on.
- Makank: cannot have a deployment neutral and have no need to provide info.
- Saraubh: are we assuming homogeneity in all the nodes?
  - Rama: his proposal explicitlely detailed the execution for each rank
  - Saurabh: because each rank has its execution model
  - Saurabh: Intel participant, (maybe not), is there a recording (rama to investigate)    

#### ONNX feedback
 - Mayank collected feedback
 - will present next time

#### ai.dev conference
 - Saurabh submitted a talk about ONNX (overview+tutorial); followup, nothing for now.

#### Next meeting (2023-10-25)
 - Moderator: Mayank

### Holdiays:
  - Cancel for Thankgiving week and the last 2 weeks of the year.
