## Steering Committee Meeting 11/01/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | yes |

Other attendees: Freddy Chiu (Intel)

Moderator: Saurabh Tangri

#### Onnx Release 1.15
- Andreas posted on Twitter, Prasanth to followup for FB and Linkedin.

#### AI.dev Conference for LFAI
- Few from MSFT have been accepted and will cover ORT for web and Olive.
- How is it used today and how will it matter to scenarios of today.
- History is less important but need to highlight how ONNX is being used to productionize AI.
- How ONNX helps with Generative AI and need to highlight how ONNX makes it easier for generative AI models.
- Why WinML stack uses ONNX?
- How MSFT, Intel and NVidia use ONNX and share proofpoints.
- Saurabh to check with Model Zoo SIG owner (Krishna/AMD) to see if he can participate.
- Saurabh can start a PPT in Google Drive link that Alex can share.  

#### Optimization SIG
- Optimization SIG Neta Zmora, is stepping down the role of the chair.
- Freddy/Neta will look for any candidates in the meantime.
- planning a WG meeting at the end of the month.

#### Models and tutorial SIG
- Jacky is stepping down as chair.
- TSC (Andreas) will look for candidates to fill the roles over Slack.

#### Opens
- (Andreas) Any central location for whitepapers, blogs? No
- 

#### Next meeting (2023-11-29) 
 - meeting of next week is canceled (time conflicts)
 - Moderator: Prasanth

### Holidays:
  - Cancel for Thankgiving week and the last 2 weeks of the year.
