## Steering Committee Meeting 07/12/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | x  |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | x |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | x |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | x |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | x |

Other attendees: Freddy Chiu (Intel)

Moderator: Andreas


#### ONNX Community Meetup Folloup
 - Mayank uploaded the videos to youtube (not all preview images are good... maybe create thumbmail from the powerpoint for social media)
 - Andreas helps to upload the agenda and videos to confluence (confluence should be accesible form Chrina)
 - Mayank: export powerpoints to pdf, and share pdf and videos with Andreas
 - Prasanth: starts social media (linkdin, facebook) tomorrow (one each week) [promoting the speaker and content]
 - Andreas: will share the same at twitter.


### Agenda:  
  #### Intel Neural Compressor Migration and Model Optimization SIG Proposal.
  - Steering Committee has voted and approved Intel's proposal.
    1.	Integrate Intel Neural Compressor into ONNX while explicitly naming it as an Intel Optimizer tool and
    2.	Work with the ONNX community to support standing up an ONNX Optimization SIG, where vendor optimizer tools would be hosted.
  - SC Committee suggests we formalize creating the Model Optimization SIG.
    - ONNX/Optimizer repository should also be included in this SIG.
    - Freddy Chiu: first draft for README for ONNX is ready => create a PR and discuss everything there. Further discussion on exact wording of SIG goals can and should be discussed in the Github Issue. This is the most open process.
    - SIG Leads; Mayank: Someone from Nvidia might be interested. 
    - Up to now no replay from the onnx optimizer repo maintiner
    - Saurabh: What should be the exact name "Optimization" or "Model Optimization", "Optimizer"? => Proposal should be in the PR...
    - What is missing in the draft: What do the programs. Definition of the input/output format. Output should be ONNX in any case. Input as a soft requirement possibly as well.... possible interactives with Converter SIG possible
  
  #### Multi-Device Proposal to create a Working Group
  - Provide the description of the goal/outcome and success criterion for completion.
  - Mayank planning to share the goal and description for review by next week.
  - Scope around Data center and ONNX model metadata.

  #### LFAI ONNX Video express learning course
  - Prasanth suggests we explore the opportunity. We should understand the scope and constraints and pull in subject matter experts as required.
  - Andreas will setup a follow-up meeting with LFAI content creation.

  #### AOB:
  - HeMan follow-up: Homomorphic encryption, Andreas is engaging with them to identify if ONNX has any gaps. => Presentation scheduled in the Trusted AI Committee
  
  #### Next meeting (2023-07-19)
  - Moderator: Prasanth

