## Steering Committee Meeting 05/03/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | yes |

Moderator: Saurabh Tangri

Other attendees: 

### Agenda:

  #### Community Meetup
  - Date has been finalized on 28th of June(Wed) 8:30am - 12:30pm.
  - There will be coffee kiosk and snacks will be available for purchase in same building. 
  - We will be sending a registration link next.
  - Current capacity is 50, Judy@Nvdia will work with steering committe on logistics and will planning a followup meeting.
  - Saurabh can bring a MAC laptop.
  - Need to invite topics for talks and papers, so the annoucement needs to goout ASAP.
  - Mayank: Where should presentors send the papers/material for talks? 
  - Alex: Create a google form to store material? We need to send the form so the material can be approved for presentation.
  - Mayank can drive creation of the Google form and harvesting topics.
  - Webcast/Live stream should still be doable.
  - SIG: Saurabh will contact operator, Arch/infra, modelzoo to gie a headsup on workshop and preparing the yearly summary(10 minutes 8 + 2minQnA)+  on SIG proceeedings.
  - No Covid related restrictions to be highlighted in registration.

  #### LF AI & Data
  - new contact person: Lucy
  
  #### Annual Elections
  - 20 votes have been logged. Alex, will be sending 2 more reminders. Next Monday is last day of voting.
  - Alex/Andreas added all company names and most have been confirmed in the voter list.
 
  #### Roadmap Process
  - Alex sent reminders to presentors on how to engage with SIG.
  
  #### New public Onnx meeting
  - Andreas has added the calender invite to the public onnx group calender.
  - Current scope is close to Arch/Infra and operator SIG.
  
  #### Next meeting (2023-05-17)
  - 1pm PT.
  - Moderator: Prasanth Pulavarthi
