## Steering Committee Meeting 08/02/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | y  |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | y |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | y |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | y |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | y |

Other attendees:

Moderator: Mayank

#### Blog
  - Submitted last Friday, not sure when we'll hear back
  - Prasanth: LFAI has an opportunity to share a half year blog, wrote one. Due before Friday.
  - Andreas added a few more comments

#### LFAI ONNX learning course
 - Andreas created a discussion on the ONNX discussion page on GitHub, inviting interested parties to connect
   - Will follow up on Slack in a few days
   - Will wait to see if there is community interest
 - new initiative for LFAI projects in express learning
 - 90 minutes (short video content, mostly written content, hands-on exercises)
 - evaluation of interest? Andreas is interested in general, would like to have someone else to have a draft.
   - Andreas: who should be the target? Prasanth: could ask the community. Andreas: will do a slack/issue. 

#### ONNX Community Meetup followups
 - Need to follow up with some media posts 

#### Optimizations SIG proposal
 - https://github.com/onnx/sigs/pull/172
   - PR approved and merged
   - Prasanth will setup permissions on GitHub
   - Will Freddy (Intel) setup the meetings?
   - Should also announce the first meeting date
 - Only one SIG lead from now, maybe ask for more volunteers in the first meeting

#### Multi-Device Working Group proposal
 - PR: https://github.com/onnx/working-groups/pull/91
 - Announce on onnx-announce and Slack and social media
   - Mayank to send out an email on the mediums above
   - Editing the news banner: json file is on ONNX GitHub
     - Example: https://github.com/onnx/onnx.github.io/pull/189
 - Interest
   - onnx-runtime team interested in being a co-lead
   - IBM folks from Japan also interested
 - SC voted to approve

#### Next meeting (2023-08-09)
  - Moderator: Andreas
