##  Meeting 09/03/25

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)            | Yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)                 | Yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)          | Yes |
| Ganesan Ramalingam ("Rama") (Microsoft) | Yes |
| Agnes So (Intel)                        | Yes |

Other attendees: Saurabh Tangri

Notetaker: Agnes

* Leadership meeting - 09/24 (1hr)
1) inform SIG leads to come prepared and use to set agenda
* PT Conf - Justin Chu to present to SC on 9/17
* Graiphic Proposal conclusion - ask is to create separate ONNX WG to extend ONNX definition
1) vs new domain under ONNX (historical edge niche use cases)
3) business impact - had some letters of support, but no PoC
4) May not be the right fit as is, but recommend Graiphic to present proposal to operator SIG, get assessment and feedback for further verification
   
* (Rama off Sept 10th and 17th.)

Following topics to be discussed next week:
* Saurabh's proposal for Tutorial/Hackathon exercise.
* Funding question around GITHUB, meeting is scheduled and Andreas, Rama and Alex are meeting LFAI team.
* LFAI wants to have closer engagement with ONNX, Andreas will follow-up with details on a bi-weekly meeting.
 
Next meeting (2025-09-10)

Moderator:  Alex
