##  Meeting 10/01/25

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)            | Yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)                 | Yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)          | Yes |
| Ganesan Ramalingam ("Rama") (Microsoft) | yes |
| Agnes So (Intel)                        | Yes |

Other attendees: XXX ?

Moderator: Andreas

# Hackathon Planning Challenges Discussed:

* The team discussed challenges with organizing a hackathon, noting a lack of volunteers and concerns about the short timeline. 
* They agreed that a remote format would be more practical than an in-person event, but logistics such as prize distribution would need to be addressed.
* Agnes suggested looking for alternative dates with more preparation time and proposed that SIG leads could come up with ideas for the event.
* The group discussed the goals and structure of an upcoming hackathon focused on ONNX.
* Mayank clarified that the hackathon aims to both improve ONNX and generate excitement around it, with contributions to the core repository being prioritized over applications that use ONNX models.
* They considered creating multiple prize categories to incentivize both significant contributions to the ONNX ecosystem and innovative applications.
* The team agreed to find a volunteer leader and start drumming up interest, as participation from other SIGs was currently low.
* The team discussed scheduling a hackathon in January, potentially aligning it with a community meetup in February or March.
* They considered having the hackathon winner present their solution at the community meetup, which would also help with marketing.
* The exact dates for both events are still undecided, with some uncertainty about the timing between the community meetup and elections.
* The group discussed the upcoming meetup, with Mayank explaining the rotating host arrangement among companies and suggesting combining it with the community meetup for better logistics. 

# ONNX PyTorch Foundation Discussion:

* They also addressed the topic of ONNX potentially joining the PyTorch Foundation, with Maanav noting that Matt White, the director of PyTorch, had suggested this but was out sick.
* The group decided to invite Matt to the next meeting to discuss the implications and benefits of such a move, with Andreas and others expressing concerns about maintaining ONNX's independence.
