##  Meeting 17 December 2025

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)            | no |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)                 | yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)          | yes |
| Ganesan Ramalingam ("Rama") (Microsoft) | no |
| Agnes So (Intel)                        | no |

Other attendees:

Moderator: Mayank

#### Notes
* Christian Bourjau as a SIG Co-Lead for the Architecture/Infrastructure SIG
  - 4 votes in favor so far, no objections, so let's go ahead.

* PyTorch foundation
  - We don't know whether we'll be granted Foundation-level membership
  - Without Foundation-level membership the benefits of PyTorch foundation membership are unclear.
  - Andreas will email Matt to clarify

* Open-source security fund
  - Andreas interested in participating and would like to apply.
  - Not sure if ONNX is a fit for that program
  - This should not create any conflicts for ONNX with GitHub funding

* Skip the meeting on the 31st due to holidays
  - Next meeting on the 14th of Jan
  - Need to start planning for the ONNX Community Meetup
  - Not sure if Saurabh is interested in organizing a hackathon as stated earlier, will follow up next year
 
 #### Next meeting (2026-01-14)
 - Moderator: Rama?

