##  Meeting 07/23/25

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)            | Yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)                 | No |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)                  | Yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)          | Yes |
| Ganesan Ramalingam ("Rama") (Microsoft) | Yes |

Other attendees: Agnes (Intel), Javier (Intel)

Notetaker: Saurabh Tangri
Opens
  * Github Entreprise Transition: We can expect that at some point HF might charge for hosting ONNX models too.
  * Hackathon
    * For time being we will continue taking a dependency on HF.
    * Need suggestions for Hackathon challenges (Tutorial and Model Zoo SIG)
      * Model conversion from pytorch, submit scripts 
      * HF Hugging face Optimum
      * Saurabh to take the discussion there to seek their guidance.

Graiphic Proposal:
* Graphaic team attended the Operators SIG, however discussion not pertinent to their non-technical request.
* What are they expecting from the ONNX community?
  * Requesting a Letter of support from ONNX Steering Committee or/and formation of a new WG
  * Operator SIG needs to tackle the request for new operators
  * Operator SIG is currently not convinced yet, as greater clarity is needed.
  * For complex datatypes team is open to reviewing PR.
  * ONNX steering Committe welcomes and appreciates the contributions from Graphaic to the betterment of the ONNX community.
* Followups
  * AR: Saurabh to frame an email on behalf of the steering bosy and review over slack before sending.
  * Rama : Need to ensure no confusion between ONNX Gen AI WG (Yamini) and the one from Graphaic also called "ONNX Gen AI"
  * Andreas: Will update ONNX documentation to be clear about trademark usage of ONNX.

* Hackathon :
  * Alex : Good idea to engage on. Should we do a survey to gauage intrest of community.
  * Andreas : We can do somethign similar to "Summer of Code". Good to identify mentors. Gen AI could be a good discussion.
  * Rama : Google/Apache can offer venues to help with logistics/timeline. Possible to call a "ONNX leadership meeting and solicit suggestions on ideas for hackthon.
  * Call for a leadership meeting in 2nd week of August 13 replacing TSC meeting logitics.
  * AR: Saurabh and Andreas to help get the invite for leadership meeting .
      
Past Open:
* ONNX + IEEE (does not have a ceritfication process). IEEE 3109 has certifications for data formats. (Saurabh is exploring)
* How to raise funding (Andreas is figuring it out)

Next meeting (2025-08-06)

Moderator: Andreas
