##  Meeting 09/17/25

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)            | Yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)                 | Yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)          | Yes |
| Ganesan Ramalingam ("Rama") (Microsoft) | yes |
| Agnes So (Intel)                        | Yes |

Other attendees: Saurabh, Ramakrishnan (AMD), Daniel, Freddy (Intel), Iswarya, Javier (Intel), Justin (microsoft) Kevin (NVIDIA), Philip (Groq), Yamini (Intel)

Notetaker: Alex

## Leadership meeting. 

Saurabh
* Onnx has increasing adoption, also hear about shortcomming. SIG owners are also asking for more contributors (current number is reducing).
* Hopeing a hackaton can help us reach our new goals. Mayank: we don't want to have new models through ONNX at the hackaton, focus on improving ONNX directly.

Process:
* Mayank: each SIG should add problems (slide 5) in a concise way that can get meaningful improvments.
* Saurab: how someone with
* Krishnan: organized per sig? or per layer in the stack.
* Alex: we would need sherpas for each problem.
* Daniel: how many stream do we intend to have? Saurabh: hope only one stream.
* Daniel: hackaton typically people compete to solve a single problem and vote how was best? Maybe this is not really a hackaton? Saurabh, we are a open-source project where we collaborate, can still determine how contributed most.
* Daniel: as long as we can size it as a 2-4 hours.
* Daniel: if there are issues that are open, that could be a unit for 

Input from converters (Kevin)
* biggest challenges is how the source framework impact the converters. Nowadays mostly focus on PyTorch to ONNX, allowing Dynamo FX graph to ONNX.
* Models do change, keeping up with these models and it's impact on the FX Graph. We are playing catchup with every PR for these models.
* For backend, more HW specifics, less data on that as specific to companies. Less of an issue.
* Most issues with frontend.

Tooling (Freddy):
* issue from developper stand point, changes coming all the time, keeping is hard. Not necessarily AI savy, picking the right model is not trivial, and then optimizing the model for your deployment,
* Depending on device, tradeoffs (size,...) many tools also to optimize and its workflow.
* A proposal: onnx model optimization protocol (not what technique, higher level, how to apply some optimization passes). All seems to follow some pattern.
* Have a protocol for which we can apply for a diverse list of targets.
* We could come with a POC, or have the attendents come with a POC.

Tutorial and Model Zoo (Daniel)
* ONNX model zoo on github (huggingface.co/onnxmodelzoo). Next step to divide in collections.
* Ideas for hackaton: challenging. Model zoo, desperate need to convert the latest and greatest to ONNX.
* Andreas: we have not deprecated model zoo in our ONNX repo. Should we remove it?
* Javier: that could be a task to update scripts to use the new repo.
* Philip: most important is that we can grab an ONNX model is super important. One task would be to try models, and open issue where it fails, add code to solve them. Very important for the ONNX echo system.
* Philip: way to contribute at the hackaton is to open an issue / PR.

Infrastrcucture (Andreas)
* Security is increasingly important.
* Protobuf is often an issue.
* Rama: Xavier had a prototype that parse proto without protobuf.
* Alex: unhooking from protobuf be a topic? Rama: we have to support it for legacy, so Xavier has an approach. Maybe an alternative serialization is possible.

Compiler (Alex/Philip)
* tasks are more week long to add a new operation. Saurabh week is possible. Mayank: we can stil have a topic because there might be folks with well versed.

Final thoughs (Saurabh)
* we need a few leaders to handle this hackaton. Maybe we can do it offline. Also from SC. LFAI has an open-source week, lot of hackaton during that October week.
* Deadline to propose a hackaton is in 3 days. Decide quickly and fill up that form. Specifics can come later.
* Mayank: lead does not have to be from SC? Saurabh. Give email to Mayank, send an email (mkaushik@nvidia.com),
  * and fill sample topic within a week here: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1CnilsCk_SIWglHtpxTeKOg8DSwXML-RYsocXWCGtum0/edit?slide=id.p#slide=id.p
* Andreas: should we repeat this every so often? Saurabh, maybe once a quarter. Mayank great idea. Andreas will setup quarerly meeting.
* Freddy: to lead/co-lead. Where to find more details what LFAI will support. 
  
Next meeting (2025-10-1) moderator: TBD
