##  Meeting 05/28/25

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | Yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | Yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | No |
| Ramakrishnan Sivakumar (AMD)    | No |

Other attendees: Elena (Intel), Agnes (Intel), Rama (Microsoft)

Notetaker: Prasanth

#### Election Results ####
- Election results announced
- Congrats to Alex, Mayank, Saurabh, Rama, Andreas
- The term starts June 1st
- 40 participants - good result
- Thanks to Prasanth and Krishna for steering committee service

#### TAC presentation ####
- TAC wants a 15 minute presentation with 5 mins slides and 10 mims demo (June 5th @ 6am Pacific Time)
- Krishna had volunteered TurnKey demo. Need @Krishna to commit to demo and share draft
- If Alex cannot get in touch with Krisha, will need to cancel

#### Copyright Issue ####
- After last weeks discussion, sent back to SIG and they decided to remove the file as it's no longer needed

#### Meetup ####
- Agenda published for the meetup
- 60+ registrants for in-person
- Registration is closed now but could accomodate more attendees if needed
- Rama to followup with Saurabh about how ONNX 2.0 fits in with SIG updates
- Mayank doesn't need 30 minutes for steering committee update but needs info on where to find metrics
- Need more clarity on what is ONNX 2.0

#### PyTorch talk
- Saurabh proposed that ONNX submit a talk to the PyTorch conference (Oct 22-23 in SF)
- Request for talks deadline is this Friday
- Prasanth connected Saurabh and steering committee to some MSFT folks who have presented ONNX related talked at PyTorch conference in past

#### ONNX IR ####
- Repo renamed to onnx/ir-py
- Package is named onnx-ir

#### Next meeting (2025-06-04)
 - Moderator: Alex

