##  Meeting 04/02/25

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | no  |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | no  |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | yes |
| Ramakrishnan Sivakumar (AMD)    | no  |

Other attendees: Stuart Schaefer (MSFT), Ganesan Ramalingam (Microsoft), Yamini Nimmagadda (Intel), Elena Baldes (Intel), Andres Felner

Notetaker: Saurabh Tangri (Intel)

#### ONNX Community Meetup 2025
- New plan (June 9th 2025 Intel SC campus)
  - "Save the Date" Notice
  - LFAI event team has replied, should hopefully go out next week.
- Location of event : Intel SC campus 

#### SIG Lead meetings
 - Krishna had previous offered to coordinate the mtgs
 - Krishna will try to get a SIG+Steering Committee meetup on 04-16 meeting.

#### Growing ONNX with evolving needs
 - Stuart/MSFT, Saurabh/Intel, Krishna/AMD and Yamini/Intel proposed formation of SIG or a WG focused on GenAI
 - ONNX Steering Committe approved formation of Generative AI WG to drive
    - Addition of new decomposable ONNX functions and GENAI related ONNX primitive operators.
    - Standardization of GEN AI pipelines.
    - Multi precision/device support and non protobuf ONNX file format support.
    - Ensure coordinated efforts across different SIGs covering infra, operators, modelzoo, optimization etc..
 - Prasanth and Mayank suggested that we begin with a WG and reachout to TSC if the group sees a operational need to make it a SIG.
 - Yamini to create a PR to request creation of GEN AI WG. 
 - Link to SIG/WG proposal (https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1bJn5UxqR81EevCOlaN-XGIt_CSJHoRLsExDvj-17Xsg/edit?slide=id.p#slide=id.p)
  
#### Steering Committee Elections
 - Nominations open on first Monday of April
 - Election starts on first Monday of May
 - Schedule: https://github.com/onnx/onnx/blob/main/community/sc-election-guidelines.md
 - Prasanth can ping Alex on Slack.

#### Next meeting (2025-04-16)
 - Moderator: Krishna
