##  Meeting 05/14/25

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | Yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | Yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | Yes |
| Ramakrishnan Sivakumar (AMD)    | No |

Other attendees: Yamini (Intel), Agnes (Intel), Justin (Microsoft)

Notetaker: Mayank

#### TAC presentation ####
- Demo for TAC June 5th presentation (currently  AMD has volunteered TurnkeyML)
- TAC wants a 5 minute presentation summary
  - Could be a condensed version of the Meetup presentation
  - They want an interactive demo, not prerecorded
  - Krishna volunteered to present TurnKey
  - 6am Pacific Time
- @Krishna: can you share a draft of the presentation? What model will you show? LLM would be relevant.

#### Copyright Issue ####
- Issue with code being lifted without copyright https://github.com/onnx/onnx/issues/6971
- If there's no copyright mentioned, do we need to reach out to the author?
  - Other options:
    - find an Apache-licensed implementation for the same function
    - use CoPilot to implement another solution
- The SIG that flagged this issue should implement a fix: Arch and Infra SIG
  - @Andreas

#### Election Results ####
- Election results
- Alex manually checked the results by random sampling the votes
- Next steps
  - Two PRs, one to the SIGs and another to the main repo
- For the announcement, Saurabh can post to social media

#### Meetup ####
- Need to post registration links on social media
- @Saurabh has already posted links to LinkedIn and X
- @Prasanth could not find links on LinkedIn.
  - In the past, LF has posted multiple times.
  - @Saurabh promised to post again
- Link from onnx.ai doesn't directly go to the registration page. 3 levels deep.
- There's a PyTorch call for proposals also ongoing. We should think about ONNX's positioning.
  - Unlike diversity in frameworks earlier, now it's more about addressing diversity of HW vendor offerings.
  - Clients don't always want a PyTorch environment, since PyTorch evolves fast.
  - A lot of these models start with higher level abstractions over PyTorch, like HuggingFace.
  - How do we reach an audience that isn't familiar with ONNX but uses PyTorch.
- Do we want to submit a proposed talk for the PyTorch summit?
  - MS folks have submitted talks to the PyTorch summit in the past, might help to connect with them
  - Talk about ONNX 2.0 direction. When will we release ONNX 2.0?
- A few proposals could not be fit in. How do we inform the participants?
  - We didn't have a lot of technical sessions, a lot from companies advertising their products.
  - For rejected proposals, we could still invite submitters to submit recordings.
- Panel discussions
  - What's the topic of the panel?
    - Options: ONNX 2.0, ONNX GenAI
    - Request companies to nominate panelists

#### Meetup Schedule
- Recieved a total of 11 proposals, maybe extend the up to a week, encourage as many submissions as possible.
- Saurabh: Shared the agenda on slack, seek feedback.
- Feedback is that folks may attend remotely mostly (25 so far, little feedback on in-person vs remote).
- Prasanth: got pinged from someone from Europe, want to know about travel if presentation is accepted.
  - Suggestion to inform acceptance by this Friday. Presenters can be local or remote.

#### ONNX IR ####
- Repo has already been created
- Rama and Justin have recommendations for names
  - onnx-ir, to match the package name
  - ir-py to capture that it's a python representation: <- Saurabh, Alex and Mayank's vote*
  - in-memory-ir
  - Recommending we keep the package name (onnx-ir)

#### Lemonade ONNX project under TurnkeyML
- Urgency for checkin was around MS Build.
- Once @Krishna is back, we can take this up again.
    
#### Next meeting (2025-05-28)
 - Moderator: Krishna?

