##  Meeting 08/27/25

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)            | Yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)                 | Yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)          | No  |
| Ganesan Ramalingam ("Rama") (Microsoft) | Yes |
| Agnes So (Intel)                        | Yes |

Other attendees: Youssef Menjour (Graiphic), Saurabh Tangri

Notetaker: Rama

* Saurabh has been meeting with Youssef and he can bring the insights from the conversation in next TSC.
* Saurabh's proposal for Tutorial/Hackathon exercise.
* Funding question around GITHUB, meeting is scheduled and Andreas, Rama and Alex are meeting LFAI team.
* Rama is concerned that we need more participation to acclerate builds.
* Pytorch conference engagement(Agnes so):
    - Justin Chu(MSFT) is presenting and we can try to add some ONNX 2.0 content. Would be good to review the content or remotely attend. @Agnes to followup with Justin and Rama.
* LFAI wants to have closer engagement with ONNX, Andreas will follow-up with details on a bi-weekly meeting.
* Leadership meeting? Perhaps in september, given August vacations?
    - Let's start with one meeting instead of a recurring one.
* Graphaic : EU funds many Open Source projects. Youssef can help and will send documents over email.
 
Next meeting (2025-09-03)

Moderator: Rama 
