##  Meeting 09/17/25

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)            | Yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)                 | Yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)          | Yes |
| Ganesan Ramalingam ("Rama") (Microsoft) | No |
| Agnes So (Intel)                        | Yes |

Other attendees: Justin Chu (Microsoft), Javier Martinez (Intel), Maanav Dalal (Microsoft)

Notetaker: Mayank

* Leadership meeting - 09/24 (1hr)
  * inform SIG leads to come prepared and use to set agenda (Alex: send a reminder to Andreas)
  * Happening at the slot of the Steering Committee meeting
  * Not heard back from presenters yet

* PT Conf - Justin Chu and Maanav Dalal presented
   
* Saurabh's proposal for Tutorial/Hackathon exercise.
  * Alex sent an email to all SIGs, not sent to WGs yet 
  * Logistics of the hackathon, dates, team sizes not decided yet
  * Proposal was Oct 25th, Open Source Week.
  * AI: Mayank: work with Saurabh to formalize.
  * Previous:
  * Prepping after leadership meeting, approach group to discuss hackatons. GenAI, operators, need some quick developpment to happen.
  * Run a hackaton to reinvigorate this eccosystem.
  * Look at ONNX development teams from companies to volunteer support for Hackatons. Identify someone to lead/co-lead hackatons.
  * Agnes: can we look at existing event and use existing infrastructure to use for getting folks/students to working.
  * Goal: have SIG present steps for folks to help them do tasks that they have to do.
  * Mayank: we should define topics where we are inviting contributions, cure so that they seems achievable in a short amount of time.
  * Agnes: what are the top problems you SIG are trying to solve.
  * Saurab: shoot an email that explains our goal with the hackaton. Alex to forward.

* Roadmap for ONNX
  * ONNX has never published a roadmap
  * In the past there was a survey from the community to decide common concerns
  * AI: Mayank to create a draft slide for roadmap

* Proposal for ONNX to be a Pytorch-foundation from Matt White
  * CI, cross-project testing, seat at the table for the TAC, marketing
  * Andreas: a lot more organized and activity. But maybe ONNX should be independent.
  * Maanav will invite Matt to the ONNX SC meeting in 2 weeks.

For next meeting

* LFAI wants to have closer engagement with ONNX, Andreas will follow-up with details on a bi-weekly meeting.
 
Next meeting (2025-09-24)

Moderator (Leadership Meeting):  ?
