##  Meeting 07/09/25

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)            | No |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)                 | No |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)                  | No |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)          | Yes |
| Ganesan Ramalingam ("Rama") (Microsoft) | Yes |

Other attendees: Freddy Chiu (Intel), Javier Martinez (Intel)

Notetaker: Rama

Funding Support: 
* GitHub has an option for people to fund specific github repos. Would it be possible to turn
this on, and can we use this as a mechanism for, say, companies to contribute and support
the repos? (This is in the context of LFS, which remains the only unfunded expense.)

Where to host artifacts (C++ APIs from GenAi WG)
* Discussion concluded that the Working Group repo would be a good place to
host artifacts produced by the working group.

Model Zoo Updates (from Javier Martinez)
* Models migrated to HF
* Yaml files not migrated yet, but can be migrated. Suggested migrating them if not too much work.
* Hub: should this be updated to get models from HF?





