##  Meeting 01/22

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | Yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | Yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | No |
| Ramakrishnan Sivakumar (AMD)    | No |

Other attendees: Justin (Microsoft), Rama (Microsoft)

Notetaker: Alexandre

#### Administrative
  - Andreas claimed the host key and removed the otter.ai user from the zoom meeting
  (Back here, not sure what to do)

#### Review at LFAI
  - Saurabh will followup and report updates (Saurab to report at some later time on synergies with OpenVino).

#### Chairs and Release manager
- Arch and Infra SIG has an open role for a Chair.
  - Xavier is reporting to become one of the lead. Rama: Xavier is confirmed, Rama to push a PR.
  - Andreas has volunteered? If so, Rama will confirm in next SIG meeting.
- Plan for the spring ONNX release.
  - Prasant: Krishna from AMD has agreed to become our next release manager, Rama will communicate.
  - Rama: March is a resonable date (1.18)

#### LFAI Code Analysis
- https://insights.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/foundation/lf-ai-foundation/overview/github?project=lfai-onnx&routedFrom=Github&bestPractice=false
- ONNX repo is at 37% although onnx core is relatively healthy.
- Focus on the the key repo, ask if archived repos can be removed (alex todo).
  - Alex will continue on onnx-mlir repo, take note and then request other key repo to replicate steps.
  - Alex demoed how to get the info to improve scores.

#### Community Meetup (Apr-June)
- Prasanth: confirmed that Intel is hosting, date and details remained to be determined.
- April 21st is the current planned date. Monday, Prasanth not aware of another AI conference.

#### Open
 - Prasanth: should we have a checkin with SIGs? Makank: near meetups so that it helps them prepare for the meetup report.
 - Rama: make sense to him
   
#### Next meeting (2025-02-5)
 - Moderator: RamaKrishna? If not present, Mayank (thanks)
