##  Meeting 05/14/25

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | yes |
| Ramakrishnan Sivakumar (AMD)    | yes |

Other attendees: Andreas (TRUMPF), Agnes So (Intel), Rama (Microsoft)

Notetaker: Alex

#### Meetup Schedule
 - Recieved a total of 11 proposals, maybe extend the up to a week, encourage as many submissions as possible.
 - Saurabh: Shared the agenda on slack, seek feedback.
 - Feedback is that folks may attend remotely mostly (25 so far, little feedback on in-person vs remote).
 - Prasanth: got pinged from someone from Europe, want to know about travel if presentation is accepted.
   - Suggestion to inform acceptance by this Friday. Presenters can be local or remote.

#### Proposal to add ONNX Script and ONNX IR to ONNX GitHub organization
 - Created an ONNX repo and the infra SIG is responsible.
 - Saurabh: name IR is a bit confusing. Prasanth: work with Rama on this. Rama "in memory IR". Maybe IR Helper, IR Tools,...
  
#### Steering Committee Elections
 - Currently we have 13 candidates
 - Got list of active contributors from each SIG and WG.
 - Voting is ongoing, 18 voted cast.
 - To do: add SC on the spreadsheet and manually add ballot invites.

#### LFAI TAC ONNX Presentation
 - new format: 5 min presentation, 10 min live demo.

#### Lemondade ONNX project under TurnkeyML
 - suggestion to make it under onnx/lemonade
 - Krishnan: project is getting traction, currently under turnkey. Dependences on turnkey. Feedback from users to make it more visible.
 - Saurabh: turnkey is a way to run model zoo; Lemonade is for GenAI, what are the implications.
   - use ONNX Runtime GenAI; Saurabh: how does it relate to ONNX GenAI. 
 - Krishnan: changing the visibility, no code change.
 - Prasanth: since its moving data around, no big objections, but would like to know how it relate ONNX. An option is to do a redirect.
 - Mayank: migration is a bit more heavyweight. Can you send an email about it.
 - Alex: comprehend link with ORT GenAI & ORT extensions vs ONNX GenAI workgroups.
 - Saurabh: branding, not sure the name is explicit on what it does.
    
#### Next meeting (2025-05-21)
 - Moderator: Mayank
 - Need to add in the calendar. Andreas: will add into calendar, add until June 9th.

