##  Meeting 09/10/25

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)            | Yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)                 | Yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)          | No |
| Ganesan Ramalingam ("Rama") (Microsoft) | No |
| Agnes So (Intel)                        | Yes |

Other attendees: Saurabh Tangri

Notetaker: Alex

* GraphicAI:
  * Saurab to send a quick note telling them to look at our meeting notes.   
* Leadership meeting - 09/24 (1hr)
  1) inform SIG leads to come prepared and use to set agenda (Alex: send a reminder to Andreas)
* PT Conf - Justin Chu to present to SC on 9/17
  * provide feedback on 17th of Sept.
   
* Saurabh's proposal for Tutorial/Hackathon exercise.
  * Prepping after leadership meeting, approach group to discuss hackatons. GenAI, operators, need some quick developpment to happen.
  * Run a hackaton to reinvigorate this eccosystem.
  * Look at ONNX development teams from companies to volunteer support for Hackatons. Identify someone to lead/co-lead hackatons.
  * Agnes: can we look at existing event and use existing infrastructure to use for getting folks/students to working.
  * Goal: have SIG present steps for folks to help them do tasks that they have to do.
  * Mayank: we should define topics where we are inviting contributions, cure so that they seems achievable in a short amount of time.
  * Agnes: what are the top problems you SIG are trying to solve.
  * Saurab: shoot an email that explains our goal with the hackaton. Alex to forward.
 
* Funding question around GITHUB, meeting is scheduled and Andreas, Rama and Alex are meeting LFAI team.
  * LFAI covers our GitHub entreprise costs under a policy they have with GitHub; does not cover large data, are still considering supporting that part.


For next meeting

* LFAI wants to have closer engagement with ONNX, Andreas will follow-up with details on a bi-weekly meeting.
 
Next meeting (2025-09-17)

Moderator:  Mayank
