##  Meeting 08/27/25

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)            | Yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)                 | Yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)          | No  |
| Ganesan Ramalingam ("Rama") (Microsoft) | Yes |
| Agnes So (Intel)                        | Yes |

Other attendees: Youssef Menjour (Graiphic), Saurabh Tangri

Notetaker: Rama

* Youssef has written a 1-page summary of his proposal with Saurabh's help
  - Rama asked if there was a simple motivating example of what one would like to do. Youssef mentioned the use of Yolo, with pre/post processing, to capture images via GPIO and apply image-processing like Yolo.
  - Mayank asked about the motivation for adding device-specific instructions, as opposed to having generic, device-agnostic, instructions (such as an abstract "Read" operation).
  Next Step: Youssef to frame responses to TSC questions.
  1) Camera can be a UVC/USB device  or MIPI based, how will we express an expanding list of input/output sensor inputs. ONNX so far have expressed HW agnostic description of input tensors/data. 
  2) DMA: Every HW vendor(or IO) has its own way to express DMA programming model. For example DMA interface for ethernet is very different than Bluetooth. 
  3) Timers/ADC etc come in many different shapes and sizes and typically directly programmable in small form factor embedded systems via firmware. ONNX has been focused on high level ML operators.
  4) Just like Gstreamer/Media foundation there is need for additional data acquisition and processing frameworks to complement ONNX. vLLM+ONNXRT is another example of ONNX models being used but not eexpressing every element fo the pipelineline.
  5) Why not make non-standard ONNX domain by Graiphic? This won't need any TSC approval and can go on Graiphic's own GitHub. If there is sufficient adoption of this domain we can revisit this standardization request.
     
* Leadership meeting Sept 10: move to Sept 24. (Rama off Sept 10th and 17th.)

Following topics to be discussed next week:
* Saurabh's proposal for Tutorial/Hackathon exercise.
* Funding question around GITHUB, meeting is scheduled and Andreas, Rama and Alex are meeting LFAI team.
* LFAI wants to have closer engagement with ONNX, Andreas will follow-up with details on a bi-weekly meeting.
 
Next meeting (2025-09-03)

Moderator: Agnes 
