##  Meeting 25/11/05

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)            |  |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)                 |  |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)          | |
| Ganesan Ramalingam ("Rama") (Microsoft) |  |
| Agnes So (Intel)                        |  |

Other attendees: 

Moderator: 

# PMMX PyTorch Foundation Discussion
  - DeepSpeed (from MS) joined the PyTorch foundation, any feedback from them?
    - Rama will try to find out more
  - Joseph Spisak from Meta might have an opinion
    - Mayank to try reaching out to him over LinkedIn
  - Mayank had emailed SIG leads
    - Haven't heard back, will ping again,
    - If there are follow-up questions for the PyTorch foundation, Agnes will email Matt White.
  - ONNX has not tried to raise money in the past, though LFAI has a medium for doing so.

# PMMX PyTorch Foundation Discussion
  - Agnes: getting perspective from Intel let workgroups.
  - Agnes: do we have a more detailed list of needed resources.
  - Mayank: should we get more feedback from their SIGs.
  - Agnes: Get feedback before Thanksgiving (Nov 19), leadership .
  - Clarification: Foundating support for meetup (Mayank: not much help from LFAI organizing/publicity).
    - gather questions on slack, then email to them.  

# Hackathon
  - Early 2026, Saurabh to bring a proposal in 2-3 weeks
  - Andreas: suggest finding topics by next ledership meeting (in December), should make concrte plans.
  
* LFAI requesting updates (2-3 paragraph summary), what does LFAI gives us in terms of marketing? full scope view of their marketing plan?
  - Alex to craft a short summary and share on slack.
    
* Next meeting: 11/05/2025, moderator Andreas
