##  Meeting 07/23/25

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)            | Yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)                 | No |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)                  | Yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)          | Yes |
| Ganesan Ramalingam ("Rama") (Microsoft) | Yes |

Other attendees: Agnes (Intel), Javier (Intel)

Notetaker: Alexandre

Graiphic Proposal:
* What are they expecting from the ONNX community?
  * Requested for 1/2 PI, not something we have ever done.
  * Responce sent back to their proposal (Alex, shared with SC and with feedback from Rama).
  
* Graiphic Use ONNX GenAI
  * Saurabh: they use the ONNX GenAI as a noun for a project they are proposing. They should use it as a verb
  * Agnes: separate initiative as ONNX Go.
  * Andreas: happy to hear have another company interested in ONNX. Naming stuff is difficult to enforce.
  * Saurabh: will draft a letter.
  * Saurabh: maybe we should clarify our policy with regards to name.    

Graiphic Go Proposal:
* Agnes: what is the pipeline, the problem that they are trying to solve for. That would be the next step.
* Javier: what are the specifics where one device is talking to another? Not covered by the proposal. Without this we don't have enough data.
* Alex: sent them a response email stating the process, including the Operator SIG process. Encourge them to do a prototype and lots of outreach as this is a significant proposal (not just one additional operator.
* Saurabh: should we invite them, point to our meeting notes. Alex/Andreas agreed on inviting them.

Open:
* ONNX does not have a ceritfication process. IEEE has certifications for data formats.
  * Saurabh should we engate with IEEE about our specs for ONNX specs.
  * Andreas: there is a WG for aerospace (safety).
  * Alex: we are not very precise yet as a standard, often relying on Pytorch.
  * Saurabh: lets engage with IEEE and they define numerical operations. We would like to engage with them to give ONNX examples.
  * Andreas: maybe Saurabh could join the infra SIG as they are trying to do a validation against ONNX Runtime.
  * Rama: what about this lower precision types (8, 4, 2 bits...). Should we add them?
  * Saurabh: we can add them before its fully added.
  * Rama: we are relying on mldtype (JAX package) at this time.
* Hackaton:
  * Saurabh: we should consider doing a hackatons to onboard new members,
    * e.g. new bencharks, shoudl be added to model zoo; need to reach out to SIGs. Virtual at this time.
  * Rama: to build apps? Saurabh: more to contribute to our github (core).
* Github Entreprise Transition
  * Andreas: updates from Rama? Rama: all PRs are going fine. Andreas: at this time we are not Entreprise.
  * Andreas: we cannot use the model zoo to steer it to model only works for a few days.
  * Rama: can ask LFS to ask them what it means.
* Next ONNX release: planned for next week.
 
  
Next meeting (2025-07-30)

Moderator: Saurabh
