##  Meeting 08/13/25

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)            | Yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)                 | Yes |
| Saurabh Tangri                          | Yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)          | Yes |
| Ganesan Ramalingam ("Rama") (Microsoft) | Yes |

Other attendees: Youssef Menjour (Graiphic)

Notetaker: Mayank

* Saurabh leaving Intel this week or so. SC rules say that Saurabh can continue as SC member unless he joins
  a company that has another SC member. If Saurabh steps downs and there is a vacancy in the SC, the rules
  say that the rest of the SC can nominate a replacement. The SC will discuss with Andreas to decide on what to do.
  - Unanimously agreed by SC members to invite Agnes So (Intel) on to the ONNX Steering Committee
  - Saurabh plans to resign his post, but will continue to attend ONNX meeting
  - Alex will update ONNX GitHub files, Saurabh will invite Agnes to the Slack group

* Saurabh's proposal for Tutorial/Hackathon exercise
  - Saurabh will continue to drive it himself

* Graiphic Proposal: The suggested email in the Slack thread sounds fine. Alex will follow up with Saurabh,
  who will send the email.
  - Graiphic's proposal is being discussed in the appriopriate SIGs (Operators)
  - The trademark concern was addressed by Graiphic
  - Graiphic would like to create an ONNX-HW working group, and is asking for the Steering Committee's approval
    - National Instruments is interested in this, and other HW vendors might be interested as well.
    - SC members would like some more clarification on
      - How would proposed extensions coexist with current ONNX ops?
  - Youssef will work with Saurabh to create a formal proposal for the WG that addresses the following:
    - What is the purpose of the WG, what will be discussed?
    - What's the expected output for the WG?

* Leadership meeting? Perhaps in september, given August vacations?
    - Let's start with one meeting instead of a recurring one.

Next meeting (2025-08-20)

Moderator: Saurabh
