## Steering Committee Meeting 06/15/2022

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |   yes    |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    |   yes   |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         |   yes   |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         |   yes   |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)   |  yes    |

Others: Cassie

### Agenda:
  #### Steering Committee Election
  - Prasanth sent out an email to LFAI asking for the SC election results to be announced on a blog.
  - Before meetup or after?
   - Could do it before the meetup and refer to it during the meetup
   - Alex volunteered to update earlier blog for this year
    - https://lfaidata.foundation/blog/2020/06/11/newly-elected-onnx-steering-committee-announced/
   
  #### ONNX Release
  - Ettore left IBM, taken up by Liqun (MS)
  - Targeted for release before the meetup
  - Pinging for status

  #### Community meetup
  - https://onedrive.live.com/?authkey=%21AKLnU5RSv6gdGQo&cid=96A4E3F7C347A748&id=96A4E3F7C347A748%21133&parId=96A4E3F7C347A748%21105&o=OneUp
   - We would like to move this to GitHub, we already have a section there for meetups
  - Attendees: 127 registrations, 45 in-person
  - Friday June 24th at Microsoft Silicon Valley campus (hybrid event)
    - Link for event: https://community.linuxfoundation.org/events/details/lfhq-lf-ai-data-foundation-presents-lf-ai-data-day-onnx-community-meetup-silicon-valley/
    - Link for talks: https://forms.office.com/pages/responsepage.aspx?id=v4j5cvGGr0GRqy180BHbR3LZwlB13h1Eq4bOWzh-2EpUNE5PUkhZM00yS1pHTEVPQzlXUlpaOEc2WC4u
  - A confluence page has the talks and the agenda, will update that for this time.
   - We post videos to YouTube, but they're not accessible from China
  - Rajeev sent out draft via email for SC presentation
   - Need to upload it to a location that allows shared editing
   - Restate the goals of ONNX
   - Roadmap section: vision going forward / key challenges. Tie to roadmap section, talk about the process
   - Cassie will send a link out to the GDrive for SIG presentation uploads
  - Deadline for SIG presentations was 6/15
  - Talks: 15 talks so far  (live talk preferably).
    - We have slack channels for questions? Or with zoom? We can make a permanent slack channel for Meetup discussions. 
    - 10 minutes, some in person, some virtual, some pre-recorded
    - steering committee should work on the steering committee presentation, vision why is exciting, what is coming up, set the tone for the overal project. Start 1st week of June.
    - We shoud have a YouTube channel that is a bit unsorted. To better structure the videos so that it is easier to locate. Pydata is more structured. Andreas to make suggestions.

 #### Help with ONNX PR monitoring
  - Need to encourage more people to be maintainers/approvers for managing PRs
    - Arch, infra and operators have lots of pending PRs.
  - Participating companies should nominate people for these roles
  - People who have given presented in the past would be good candidates
  - SIG leads/steering committee members could come up with proposals
    - Mayank to send email to SIG leads asking for maintainer nominations
    - All SC members to look for volunteer maintainers within their companies
  - Mayank to send out a reminder
  
 #### Make video a bit more prominent as GitHub/Web pages
  - Andreas: suggest to have more web/github presence.
    - Other community have open/office hours, we could use it.
    - SIG is more technical, could have these for how to use, what is possible, what are limitations
      - interested in ONNX, how can we jump in.
    - "Office Hours" for ONNX / Ask-the-Experts sessions?
     - Could advertise the ONNX GitHub discussions page as a place to ask questions during the Meetup
  
  #### Next meeting (6/22)
  - Moderator: Rajeev
 
