## Steering Committee Meeting 09/21/2022

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes    |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes   |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes   |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         | yes   |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes   |

Other attendees: Rajeev Rao, Linqun Fu, B Karuman, Rama

### Agenda:

  #### Contributions to ONNX repo (Neural compressor tool)
  - Mayank to present findings from NVIDIA
     - high level suggestion: not adopt at this time
     - pruning distillation qat is very framework specific framework.
     - because of this, it does not have a strong affinity with ONNX
     - much research, across framework
  - Mayank: Introducing vendor specific tools in ONNX is determental to the standard
     - NVIDIA has to allocate resource to improve/educate users of if/why a tool does not perform
  - Mayank: duplication of functionality
    - ORT already have tools for ONNX quantization.
  - Rajeev N. Because it is a very fragmented system, so a tool that becomes common may help.
    - thanks for the good feedback
    - Mayank: we would be happy to help to reduce fragmentation in this domain.
    - Andreas: could we add a warning that Neural compressor is not the preferred option for a given hardware such as NVIDIA. It could be interesting for smaller companies
    - Mayank: we already have users complaining that the inference is already complicated, so this would make it even more complicated.
    - Liqun: we got similar feeling, majority of features are not directly linked to ONNX, because ORT also has support for quantization. If we look at the ONNX only approach (post training), they can try different tools and this might be one of them.
    - Andreas: maybe should it be a LFAI project? 
    - Bardawi: our goal is to welcome imput from our users across various backend and framework would be a great addition. There is some redundancy as it use ORT for quantization, we do also accuracy monitoring with good policy.
    - Alex: a bit of a chicken and egg, if were a ONNX it would attract more, but at the same time it is not sufficiently supporting other platforms.
    - Mayank: for Triton, NVIDIA did some work to support other platforms as CPU from x86.
    - Rajeev R: try resnet on NVIDA hardware and there were blockers from SDK.
    - Prasanth: Is there a NVIDIA desire to make Neural Compressor more suitable for NVIDIA: are there resources / timelines?
    - Mayank: no plans at this time.
    - Andreas: did Intel got feedback from Greenwave. Rajeev: they also have a tool and were thinking about coming to also talk about their capabilities of their tool.
    - Prasanth: 2 paths: 1) intel can request to get a vote, or 2) get feedback and see how to address their points and/or have a quantization group to discuss this and/or see if ONNX has enough for this area.
  - Rajeev N: can we have a vote? 
    - Rajeev N: vote to contribute this tool to ONNX: yes; 
    - Mayank: no; 
    - Andreas: yes (but increase transparency of for who it is appropriate);
    - Prasanth: no for now, but I think it is important topic and fragmentation, but it is not quite ready yet
    - Alex: no, need to attract more support.
  - Rajeev: see how we can take this as a standardization tool perspective, there is more work to be done for the steering commitee to adreess these points.
  

  #### ONNX website updates
  - Multiple new logos added to the website in the past week
  - Desire to update website main page to target 3 audiences (users, framework developers, hardware manufacturers) -> unlikely to start until October
  - Documentation automation will be worked on more next week; no new updates this week
  - Once basic pipeline setup will look into JupyterBook as proposed by Andreas and sorting the documentation by different opset versions.
  - Andreas to try applying arc42 for ONNX and share in a few weeks
  - Andreas presented ONNX to a group of college students this week
     
  #### Annual update to LFAI TAC
  - Confirmed for October 20 (9am ET) - 20 min presentation.
  - Alex will put it together; Prasanth can help in early October.
  - Last year's deck at https://wiki.lfaidata.foundation/download/attachments/7733341/May%2020%2C%202021_LF%20AI%20TAC%20Deck.pdf?version=2&modificationDate=1621523448000&api=v2
  - Alex: if we can have the ppt for hte presentation, Rajeev N to fill in pages on meetup

  #### Next meeting (9/28)
  - Moderator: Mayank
