## Steering Committee Meeting 04/29/2022

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes      |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes      |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes      |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         | no       |
| Wenming Ye (AWS)                | no       |

Others: @rgesteve, Cassie

### Agenda:
  #### Steering Committee Election
  - 7 nominations so far. 5/4 is last day, closing. 
  - Voting period: Mon 5/9 - Wed 5/18
    - 12 votes out of 61 members so far, need a reminder
    - Alex to send a reminder
  - Election ends on 5/18.
  - Jim to look into what we used for setting up voting mechanism
  
  #### Community meetup [Update]
  - Confirmed, please circulate. /// * Please use call for content Webpage.*
  - Planned for Friday June 24th 
  - Location: Microsoft Silicon Valley campus
  - In-person (150 max) and virtual  /// Prasanth to check current registration 
  - Event registration will be setup today using LFAI platform. Will share on website and social.
  - Call for talks form will also be setup
  - Considering AltSpaceVR option
  - MS is promoting the event
    - 15 people have registered so far for in-person (38 including virtual), target is 100
    - LFAI has posted about this today
    - Link for event: https://community.linuxfoundation.org/events/details/lfhq-lf-ai-data-foundation-presents-lf-ai-data-day-onnx-community-meetup-silicon-valley/
    - Link for talks: https://forms.office.com/pages/responsepage.aspx?id=v4j5cvGGr0GRqy180BHbR3LZwlB13h1Eq4bOWzh-2EpUNE5PUkhZM00yS1pHTEVPQzlXUlpaOEc2WC4u

  #### Release manager for next ONNX release
  - IBM has identified Etore Tiotto as release manager /// onboarded, targeting end of the month.
    - Will be getting in touch with the SIG
  - Steering Committee agreed with proposal to rotate keys after each release as part of the release checklist
  
  #### Help with ONNX PR monitoring
  - Need to encourage more people to be maintainers/approvers for managing PRs
    - Arch, infra and operators have lots of pending PRs.
  - Participating compaines should nominate people for these roles
  - People who have given presented in the past would be good candidates
  - SIG leads/steering committee members could come up with proposals
    - Mayank to send email to SIG leads asking for maintainer nomiations
    - All SC members to look for volunteer maintainers within their companies
  
  #### Next meeting (5/18)
  - Moderator: @rgesteve
 
