## Steering Committee Meeting 09/14/2022

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes   |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes   |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes   |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         | yes   |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes   |

Other attendees: 

### Agenda:

  #### Contributions to ONNX repo (Neural compressor tool)
  - Rajeev (Nvidia) requested another week to investigate the tool (look at the output of the tool for placement and then ask to see if/how to modify it)
  - Prasanth shared a suggested update to https://github.com/onnx/onnx/blob/main/community/repo_guidelines.md
     - currently lists that projects should be closely related to ONNX and add value to the ONNX ecosystem. This captures the intent but we can further clarify by adding another bullet: "Applicable and usable by a wide set of ONNX users (for example, support for multiple hardware backends)"
     - have not received any feedback yet
     - key question: should projects support multiple vendors out of the box or add later?
     - Alex: should be extensible to multiple vendors and there should be committment from other vendors to add support
     - Prasanth: agreed
     - Mayank: if it takes a 1 engineer year to add support, does it count
     - Prasanth to update guidelines doc
     - Rajeev N: tool supports both QLinear and QDQ models. Need more examples in zoo.
     - Mayank: perf is a concern. output model from tool may not run well as using vendor toolkit.
  - Per Alex's suggestion, Intel has reached out to Martin Croome (GreenWaves) to get another data point about the feeling of adaptibility/extensibility of Neural Compressor tool
  
  #### ONNX website updates
  - Multiple new logos added to the website in the past week
  - Desire to update website main page to target 3 audiences (users, framework developers, hardware manufacturers) -> unlikely to start until October
  - Documentation automation will be worked on more next week; no new updates this week
  - Once basic pipeline setup will look into JupyterBook as proposed by Andreas and sorting the documentation by different opset versions.
  - Andreas to try applying arc42 for ONNX and share in a few weeks
  - Andreas presented ONNX to a group of college students this week
     
  #### Annual update to LFAI TAC
  - Confirmed for October 20 (9am ET) - 20 min presentation.
  - Alex will put it together; Prasanth can help in early October.
  - Last year's deck at https://wiki.lfaidata.foundation/download/attachments/7733341/May%2020%2C%202021_LF%20AI%20TAC%20Deck.pdf?version=2&modificationDate=1621523448000&api=v2
  
  #### Next meeting (9/21)
  - Moderator: Alex
  - Agenda items: neural compressor tool
