## Steering Committee Meeting 08/17/2022

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes   |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | no   |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | no   |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         | yes   |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes   |

Other attendees: Rajeev Rao (NVIDIA)

### Agenda:

  #### Groq presentation last week 
  - Rajeev shared their presentation in Slack
  - They will submit their logo
  - They will come back in a few weeks for collaboration going forward

  #### Arch/infra SIG request to deprecate onnx-docker repo
  - not being maintained; less need for it since installation has been improved; very low downloads
  - Deprecation approved. 
  - If in the future, there is a need for it, can be resurrected based on requirements at that time.
  - Actions: Jacky to update README; Prasanth to archive repo; Jacky to update any documentation pointing to it.
  
  #### Repo contributions to ONNX
  - Neural compression tool from Intel: pruning, sparsity, qat may not be seen as part of ONNX. Intel putting together flow showing how it all fits with ONNX. Also need CI/CD. Will be renamed to be vendor neutral. Revisit next week.
  - onnx-mlir serving tool: will check with Alex on next steps.

  #### ONNX website updates
  - Andreas working on video page - delayed until after top nav dropdowns.
  - Andreas suggested adding drop down menus to top nav links - will work on it first
  - Microsoft working on publishing ONNX documentation to website
   
  
  #### Next meeting (8/24)
  - Moderator: Alex or Rajeev 
  
