## Steering Committee Meeting 02/04/2022

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes      |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | Yes      |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | Yes      |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         | Yes      |
| Wenming Ye (AWS)                | Yes      |

Others: Jim Spohrer

### Agenda:
  #### Data processing WG concerns
  - Participation in the monthly meetings has declined quite a bit
    - For the last two meetings, there were no members of the data processing WG attending it other than from NVIDIA.
    - Rodolfo Gabriel Esteves (Intel) and Ganesan Ramalingan (Microsoft) have been regularly attending and participating in the discussions till January.
    - Wenming will ask Alex Shirkov and Yida Wang (Amazon) to join.
    - Some issue with LFAI calendars? One shared calendar might be easier to manage.
      - Prasanth: Unified LF calendar is here: onnx.ai/calendar
        - Link to subscribe to the calendar is broken. Alex will email operations@lfai.foundation to remedy.
      - Is there a Slack bot that can connect this calendar to Slack?
    - Sharing an agenda in advance on one of the Slack channels would attract more participation.
      - This should apply to all WGs. We can email all WG leaders, with everyone on the To: line. Mayank to send an email.
      - Add to WG best-practices file.
      - Automatic emails?

  - Proposals not getting reviewed. For example:
    - https://github.com/onnx/onnx/pull/3892 has been open for quite a while (since Dec 13, 2021) . The last interaction from ONNX reviewers was 23 days ago.
    - Ganesan Ramalingan (Microsoft) started the review.
  
  #### Repo maintenance
  - master -> main: ONNX model zoo still uses "master". Converters have not been moved either.
  - OpenSSF best practice: ONNX-MLIR good experience, completed

  #### Next onnx release:
  - Ashwini or her team will volunteer as the release manager.
  - Date for next ONNX release? 1/31, from the onnx-release Slack channel. ONNX 1.11

  #### Vision doc
  - Everyone should bring 1-2 ideas. 
  - Revisit:  who is our customers.  
  - What should the experience look like, and what their painpoints are.
  - What Can we build?
  - Summary last week
    - Alex: ML+DL Pre-processing:  Pre-processing group should give an update.  Autogluon team should present to the pre-processing SIG.
    - Rajeev N: robustness, privacy preserving ML: FL, homomorphic encryption. Multiple Sigs:  pre-processing & operator sigs. (Let's invite Joshua Allen from OpenDP). Rajeev to invite some intel folks.  Let's connect with other LF&AI community.
    - Prasanth:  higher level visions:  Ease of use.   Accepted and used by more communities.  Model Zoos with Onnx optimization. Discoverability. Security and Trust.  Hardware vendors: community perception and supportablity.   
    - Rajeev R: # of operators increase.  Be more thoughtful of what gets classified as operators.  Standard libs of operators. 
  - Next steps: Continue next time.   (Turn this into a doc).
    - Wenming will start the doc and we will continue from here.
  - Have every SIG give an update on progress, and outline vision
  - Wenming has a draft, waiting to clarify a few items.
    - How do we work with various framework frontends?
      - Do we invest in a vendor-neutral frontend? How do we support the creation of a standards-based frontend?
    - Inputs from SIGs, and what they would like to see in the next 3 years.
      - Mayank to email SIG leaders.
   
  #### Next meetings: 
  - Next moderator: Rajeev (February 9th)
  
