## Steering Committee Meeting 09/07/2022

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes   |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes   |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | no   |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         | yes   |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes   |

Other attendees: Rajeev Rao (Nvidia)

### Agenda:

  #### Contributions to ONNX repo (Neural compressor tool)
  - D/RR: next step to have NVIDA look at the output of the tool for placement and then ask to see if/how to modify it. (next week...)
  - Prasanth: develop principles of what is expected of new ONNX repo (draft end of the week)
  - Alex: suggest to ask Martin Croome (GreenWaves), to get another data point about the feeling of adaptibility/extensibility of Neuronal compressor tool
  - Rajeev: List of examples produced by the toolhttps://github.com/intel/neural-compressor/tree/98d829a43ec1a0a798c950565e2e60ec39365303/examples

  #### ONNX website updates
  - Andreas added a lot of links (he found useful to get started with the onnx community), consense to move more relevant topic from the bottom to the top to faciliate easier readability
  - General view to address the website even more to 3 target groups (users, framework developers, hardware manufacturers) -> Little time to work on it at the moment
  - Prasanth: current focus on automatic html documentation generation with a pipeline.
  - Andreas: maybe jupyter book might be an option, to combine all onnx-subprojects to a combined documentation.  
  - Rajeev: Documentation for different opset version also quite helpful (current documentation is an md file generated out of the c-file)
  
  #### Annual Tac
  - October 20? Alex presents 
  - https://wiki.lfaidata.foundation/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=7733341 (May 20, 2021)
   
  #### Next meeting (9/14)
  - Moderator: Prasanth
