## Steering Committee Meeting 08/24/2022

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | no   |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes   |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | no   |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         | yes   |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | no   |

Other attendees: Rajeev Rao (nVidia), Charles Volzka (IBM), Bhargavi Karumanchi (Intel)

### Agenda:

  #### Contributions to ONNX repo (Neural compressor tool)
  - Neural compression tool from Intel for ONNX repo
  - Address the main questions raised during previous ONNX SC discussion
  - #1: Pruning, sparsity, QAT are not part of ONNX Spec. Can Intel clarify the flow used by INC tool & how its connected to ONNX ? Bhargavi presented flow
  - #2: How is tool leveraging multiple frameworks (TF/Pyt/MXNet) & converters to generate mixed precision model ? Bhargavi presented flow as two staged pipeline
  - #3: Will the CI/CD pipeline be incorporated ? Yes
  - #4: Will the tool support vendor neutrality? Yes, modular infrastructure is open sourced & supports any hardware offerings to utilize techniques and generate mixed precision models
  - Recommendation from meeting to update the two staged pipeline flow: 
  -> Call-out the ONNX (FP32) to ONNX (Mixed precision) as distinct PTQ flow
  -> Framework based Pruning / QAT / Distillation techniques as standalone with no existing industry standard (still evolving)
  -> Ensure that definition can accomodate the flow if ONNX Runtime FW implementations support Pruning / QAT / distillation in future
  - Check for approval from members to proceed with next steps of contribution 
  
  #### Contributions to ONNX repo (MLIR serving tool)
  - Check for any updates from Alex
  - Going thru Arch/Infra and Operators SIG (next monthly session in September)
  
  #### ONNX website updates
  - Topic pushed to next week due to Andreas absence
  - Andreas working on modifying content (flyte & readthedocs.org approach) ?
  - Andreas has suggested some top-down navigation links to faciliate easier readability
   
  #### Next meeting (8/31)
  - Moderator: Alex
