## Steering Committee Meeting 01/12/2021

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes      |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | Yes      |
| Mayank Kaushik (Nvidia)         | Yes      |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         | Yes      |
| Wenming Ye (AWS)                | Yes      |

Others: 
Ashwini Khade
### Agenda:
  
  #### master -> main
  - main repo is done.
  - All URLs are redirected by auto-redirect.
  - Prasanth to rename onnx.github.io and tutorials, steering-committe, and sigs.

  #### Next onnx release:
  - Ashwini or her team will volunteer as the release manager.
  - 2 releases / year, but have been doing 3.

  ####  Sig meetings and calendars
  - Rajeev: how to find meeting time for various sigs.
  - Ashwini: architecture sig and operator sig are combined, 1 calendar for all Sigs meetings.
 
  #### Vision doc
  - Everyone should bring 1-2 ideas. 
  - Revisit:  who is our customers.  
  - What should the experience look like, and what their painpoints are.
  - What Can we build?
  
  
  
  #### Next meetings: 
  - Next moderator: Wenming (January 21st)
  
  - Happy Holidays! Proposing a get-together for next year once conditions improve.
