## Steering Committee Meeting 04/01/2022

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes      |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | Yes      |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | Yes      |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         | No       |
| Wenming Ye (AWS)                | Yes     |

Others: Gabe   

### Agenda:
  #### Follow up from past meeting
  - Logistics: Adding Li Qun to the right security groups upon approval is done.
  - Changes for security groups (converter, and arch/infra) is done.
   
  #### (From last time) Converter Operator presentation 
  - Michal he still need more time, no presentation next time.

  #### Enable stale bot on onnx/onnx repo
  - Enabled (PR merged.

  #### Election is coming up for 2022   (Alex & Wenming to start this by 4/6)
  - Get nomination form, publish slack, annonunce on web site. Wennming to publisize on twitter/facebook.
  - Live now, end at of April.
  - Action Item: Nomination Form. Jim Helped for 2021. Wenming/Alex/Jim by 4/6 
  - Action Item: Add/clean up contribution list. (Prasanth, initiate, contributors are defined that are sponsored by others in the sigs).
  - see sig repos, and see the contributors (there is an MLIR sub-sig)
  - last year, we had a list of PR authors to make sure that we are not missing contributors in the SIGs (Sheng did it last year and will do it this year).

  #### Community Workshop 
  - no update this week.

   #### Next meeting (4/15)
  - Canceled

  
