## Steering Committee Meeting 07/27/2022

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | no   |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes   |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | no   |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         | yes   |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes   |

### Agenda:
  
  #### Ongoing community outreach and talks
  - Andreas demo'd his video page: https://andife.github.io/onnxvideo.github.io/index.html
    - Plan to progress by the end of the month.
  - Andreas: a lot of info on our onnx.ai webpage but it is at the bottom.
    - Maybe ask LFAI for help/suggestions. Alex will ask.  

  #### ONNX Training
  - Looking for pointers on fine tuning an ONNX model
   - Mayank found info on ORT.
 
  #### Open
  - Project from Alibaba that has not been active in a few years, was it integrated/used?
    - https://github.com/alibaba/sionnx (autogen tools for compliance)
    - Rajeev: don't recall presentation from them, maybe Prasanth may know.
  - Rajeev: Compression is primarily take onnx models, and pytorch/TF are accessed via a onnx exporter.
    - Modules are useful to add additional support for hardware.
    - Next full attendence meeting, take a stab on how to proceed next. 
  
  #### Next meeting (8/10)
  - Moderator: Rajeev.
  - next meeting: Groq requesting some changes for operators from PyTorch to ONNX. Request 15 min for them to present.
    - ask SIG Operators member to come as well (Rajeev to to invite Rama and Groq folks) 
