## Steering Committee Meeting 07/06/2022

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes   |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | Yes   |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | Yes   |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         | Yes   |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | Yes   |

Others: 
rgesteve

### Agenda:
  #### ONNX Community meetup recap
  - finished all the videos and slides are on the confluence, process of publishing to youtube, 2 a week.

  #### Ongoing community outreach and talks
  - Still working on a FAQ for specific info on projects part of ONNX (Alex)
  - Create some data base of presentation (will send link from another project) Pyvideo. We could combine to our onnx webside. Show something in 2 weeks. (Andreas)
  
  #### Help with ONNX SIGS
  - Mayank has identified some folks, which already joined the SIGs.
  - Rajeev: has reached out, and probably there will be a few people joining the arch/infra. From others we have participant to Intel.
  - Prasanth: couple of folks from Qualcom will join. 

  #### Roadmap plan 
  - Rajeev: outreach in onnx general to bring a few topics, review in seering committee. Will post. 
      
  ####
  - Andreas: looked at stats, useful for presentations on activity of ONNX.
  - https://insights.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/projects/lfai%2Fonnx/dashboard;quicktime=time_filter_3Y
  
  #### Next meeting (7/20)
  - 10 min presentation from Intel about Neural Compressor: pushed to next week (7/20), there were a few questions from sig arch that will be adressed first.
  - Moderator: Mayank
