## Steering Committee Meeting 03/23/2022

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes      |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | No       |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | No       |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         | No       |
| Wenming Ye (AWS)                | Yes      |

Others: )  Ashwini Khade  Gabe Esteves  Liqun Fu

### Agenda:
  ####
  - Ashwini Khade will be stepping down as the co-chair of Arch SIG
  - Liqun Fun will be joining as the new co-chair.
  - Logistics: Adding Li Qun to the right security groups upon approval. 
  - Gabe, Wenming, Prasanth Voted yes on approval.
  - Action item:  makes changes for security groups (converter, and arch/infra).
  - Action item for Ashwini: Make an annoucement on slack channel. 
  
  #### (From last time) Converter SIG presentation (Kevin)
  - Missing a few attendees familiar with other convertors besides onnx-tensorflow, onnx-tensorrt, onnxruntime
    - Gabe will get in touch with OpenVino reps Update 3/23: next step is to have Gabe follow up with the rest of the SIG.
    - Gary (MS) will follow up with scikit-learn reps  Action Item: Follow up with Kevin and Gary on slack.
 
  #### (From last time) Converter Operator presentation 
  - Gabe contacted Michal, who needs more time (due to unscheduled and unavoidable commitements) and will contact group when ready to present.
  - Update 3/23: Gabe will follow up again in 2 weeks. 

  #### Enable stale bot on onnx/onnx repo
  - Proposal, set a threshold for how long an issue has recorded no activity before closing (or notifying original submitter, depending on the selected bot) 
  - In the process of being enabled.  (PR already in progress 3/23)

  #### Next meeting (3/23)
  - Next moderator: Wenming Ye

  #### Election is coming up for 2022
  - Election should be called. 
  - Action Item: Nomination Form.  Jim Helped for 2021.
  - Action Item: Add/clean up contribution list. 
  
