## Steering Committee Meeting 10/19/2022

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes    |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes   |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes   |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         | yes   |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes   |

Other attendees:  Aaron, Rana

### Agenda:

  #### ONNX LFAI community annual report
  - Present Thursday 10/20 at 6AM PT, went well.
  
  #### NeurIPS session
  - Wenming shared opportunity to host a sponsored session. $3500 for non-profits.
  - MS, Intel, IBM: no plan to sponsor. Probably will pass on this offer.
  
  ### ONNX Scripts (Rama)
  - presentation on scripts 
  - Q: Rajeev: Can function be called in a function? Yes
  - Q: Mayank: How does the ONNX-model to ONNX-script looks like, can it be edited? yes, round trip is possible, and script can be edited.
  - Q: Alex: What is the backend? Currently ORT, but new python script based on python/numpy will also be a target.
  - Prasanth: long term is to integrate into standard if accepted
  - Rama: timeline within a few months so that they may continue rapid development until then.
  
  #### ONNX 1.13 release
  - Release manager: Przemysław Wysocki (Intel)
  - Timeline:
    - 11/18 - Code Freeze, all PRs must be validated and merged by this date
    - 11/21 - cutting the release branch
    - 12/12 - target release date
   
  #### Roadmap process
  - Rajeev and Alex to run process, start in Jan. Work this week for message, and send out by next week's meeting. 
  - Rajeev believed we used MS forms to submit ideas.
  - TODO: Rajeev & Alex: come up with a text. Prasanth: locate form used in the past so that we may point to it.
  
  #### Next meeting (2022-11-02)
  - Moderator: Mayank.
  - Topics: none so far.
