## Steering Committee Meeting 07/27/2022

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes   |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes   |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes   |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         | yes   |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes   |

Other attendees: Krishna (Groq), Philip (Groq), Bhargavi (Intel), Liqun (Microsoft)

### Agenda:

  #### Groq's inputs for ONNX usages 
  - Krsihna - ML software architect
  - Philip - ML compiler lead
  - Groqware suite runs ONNX models converted from various frameworks
  - ONNX MLIR Groq compiler & assembler targetting runtime/hardware
  - ONNX Scatter Op enhancements to Opset 16
  - Groq felt the need to add Scatter Max/Min for reductions
  - ONNX Representation improvements (Xor, And, Or), extend to support integer types and bitwise support for logical ops
  - ONNX Functions can help for future scaleability, interested in knowing how converters handle
  - Alex (IBM) encourages contributions to ONNX MLIR and enhancements
  - Operator sig is working towards functions as first option
  - ONNX needs to first add the function to Spec and then converters can add the support
  - Suggestions to attend SIG meetings that happen monthly (Operators SIG & Converters SIG) OR raise the issue in Slack channel which is constantly monitored 
  
  #### Neural compression tool contribution to ONNX repo
  - How much test coverage exists in current repo & integration into CI pipeline (currently ~90% coverage and will track on site)
  - How much code feature is connected with ONNX (eg: distillation and pruning are currently not defined in ONNX), QAT training, maybe highlight how these can be incorporated
  - Followup with Liqun on the email/slack as appropriate for making progress
  
  #### Ongoing community outreach and talks
  - Reorganize some info on onnx.ai webpage to surface some topics to top ? What is the process (ask LFAI for help/suggestions) ? -- Followup on slack  
 
  #### Next meeting (8/17)
  - Moderator: Prasanth 
  
