## Steering Committee Meeting 02/21/2024

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         |  |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          |   |

Other attendees: Charles (IBM)

Moderator: Andreas

#### TAC Election (Alex)
- LF AI & Data Foundation Technical Advisory Council (TAC) Chairperson election.
- Two nominees come forward:
  - Nancy Rausch (SAS)
  - Vini Jaiswal (ByteDance)
- A summary of the role:
  - Represent the TAC as a voting member on the Governing Board (will attend monthly meeting)
  - Lead TAC agenda and meetings with coordination among the TAC representatives and broader community
  - Attend sync meetings with LF AI & Data staff to discuss overall TAC activities and planning
  - General representation of the TAC and the LF AI & Data technical community
- Voting period ends: Tuesday, February 13th at 5pm Pacific Time.
- Election winner announced: Wednesday, February 14th.
- Alex's vote is to reelect the current chair (Nancy).
  - Nancy has done a good job for 2-3 years.
- Should we (SC) be interacting with TAC more?
  - Parent org of ONNX
  - Each group gives a summary each year
  - Alex's recommendation: unless there's a business need, we might not be able to find the time.
  - Andreas: we could invite TAC representatives to the SC meetings
    - ONNX gets mentioned often in group presentations in TAC meetings
    - Get recommendations on what TAC needs from ONNX

#### ONNX Community Meetup (Prasanth)
- Usually takes a while to identify a host so need to start thinking about it now.
- Maybe Intel is interested, need feedback from Saurabh.
- Please ask your companies if they would be interested in hosting.
- Possible to host it on the East Coast if there's a host company interested.
- Slack-Post from Krishna from AMD. "We would love to host the upcoming ONNX Community Meetup at the AMD campus"

#### Steering Committee elections (Prasanth)
- Organize ONNX SC elections for 2024
- Timeline
  - Alex shared timeline
  - Alex and Andreas volunteered to run to election again this time.
- opavote.com was used for the generative ai workstream within LF AI & Data. Cost would be about 20 Dollar. Looks more confortable than our current setup

#### LFX migration (Andreas)
- Andreas added the current to the confluence calender page with the onnx calender


#### Model zoo SIG update
- Krishna will share a PR and, discuss the proposal in Jan 26th Model Zoo SIG meeting.

### Other SIG leads (tabled for next week)
- Optimization SIG is meeting on Jan 26th.
- Model zoo SIG needs a co-leader
   - TODO: need to post on twitter, social, slack, etc
   - Andreas: it maybe for model zoo, tutorial, and/or web site.

### Next ONNX release (1.16)
- Feb 26th for code freeze
- Release, 3 weeks later (March 18th)

#### Next meeting (2024-02-XX) 
 - Moderator: Saurabh
 - Meetings every 2 weeks now
