## Steering Committee Meeting 1/10/2024

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | no |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | yes |

Other attendees: Krishna (AMD), Charles (IBM), Justin Chu (MSFT)

Moderator: Alexandre

#### LFX migration
- Andreas: LFAI is moving everything to new LFX system instead of groups.io
- LFX meeting entries are also displayed at https://onnx.ai/calendar (some sync issues were solved by Andreas and Nathan)
- Still some duplicate entries (for the same meeting)
- Optimiziation SIG has to be transfered to LFX

#### Model zoo SIG update
- Krishna to write up pros and cons of hosting on onnx github vs onnx HuggingFace
- New model were exported with pretrained weight, we added the torch IR verifier and give a verified/not verified status
   - Saurabh: what input are you using? Given inputs you may/may not see corner cases. With models before, we published the inputs used for testing.
   - Krishna: we are relying on torch and we don't control the tolerance. We use what Torch recommend to use.
   - Prasanth: do you see model that have issue or more of a precaution issue. Saurabh did you see some issues?
   - Saurabh: currently not able to find some of the basic models.
   - Charles: we use the old models to verify our compiler.
   - Saurabh: that alleviate my concerns. Can find the old one (under a folder named "validated"). Web page (https://github.com/onnx/models/tree/main/Natural_Language_Processing) also has problem because github has issue loading with a lot of files, so it might need a bit of work.
   - Krishna: expect to do a better navigation through the website (and not through the github page). It will be updated, probably within a month.
   - Charles: input and expeted output be posted?
   - Krishna: can open an issue and ask for which ones?
   - Saurabh: can make it a bit more easy to find lower precision models?
   - Krishna: can add filter.
- Krishna: would like to set a monthly meeting for model zoo, need some help (Andreas offered help).
- Slide presentation: how to integrate with Hugging Face model. Option B (integrate Turnkey inside Hugging Face), pros and cons discussed.
   - Prasanth: cons (cannot highlight subset of models). Why cannot highlight? Are people visiting model zoo pages?
   - Krishna: many people are using it quite a bit.
- Saurabh: what do we think about Hugging Face? For profit?
   - Prasanth (so is github), Charles (used for automation for CIs)
   - Prasanth: sounds that the proposal is to do both, lets table the rest of the presentation for next meeting.   

#### Optimization SIG
- Optimization SIG chair had stepped down, Justin Chu from MSFT offered to needs a co-leader
- Justin volunteered to co-lead with someone from Intel.
- All present in favor, congrats to Justin for his new role.

### Other SIG leads (tabled for next week)
- Model zoo SIG needs a co-leader
- need to post on twitter, social, slack, etc
   
#### Next meeting (2024-01-17) 
 - Moderator: Mayank (or if not here, Andreas)
