## Steering Committee Meeting 09/04/2024

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | Yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | Yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | Yes |
| Ramakrishnan Sivakumar (AMD)    | Yes |

Other attendees: Philip (AMD), Daniel (AMD), Andreas (TRUMPF Laser), Charles (IBM), Sunny Anand (IBM)

Moderator: Alexandre

#### Presentation on Digest AI tool from AMD
  - Tool for ONNX model analysis
  - Written in QT (GUI) with a Python backend, distributed as an executable and source. Works on Linux and Windows
  - Op counts and parameter counts
  - FLOPs intensity: where most flops are being spent in the model. Custom ops not supported.
  - Model similarity: what types of models this model is most correlated with
  - Saves report to disk
  - Discussion on how to keep the MAC counts consistent for quantized models. Should this be part of the ops schema?
  - HuggingFace: scrapes similar models from HF, allows loading
  - Multi-model analysis
  - Proposal is to make it part of ONNX and upstream it under Models and Tutorials, maybe Optimization SIG.
  - Next steps: make a formal proposal

#### Ran out of time for the topics below:

#### ONNX Releases
  - 1.16.2 issue: https://github.com/onnx/onnx/issues/6267
    - users reporting failures for specific python versions on Windows; might be due to github runner; actively being worked on
    - Still a work in progress.
  - 1.17: Logistic ready, cut release branch, resolve some issues with operators about broken links. Should be ready for PyPy testing soon.
    - identified already the PR that should go in.

#### Inference API Proposal
  - Mayank has setup separate meeting to discuss if/how ONNX organization plays a role
  - Alex: Neeley/Kim from NVIDIA, Facoundo from Microsoft, Alex from IBM. Discussion on where to put a common API, under ONNX or other org.
    - Concern that ONNX may confuse uses as ONNX already established as a graph standard.
    - All are in favor of a common API.
    - Were going to approach Meta to gauge interest.
  - Ramakrishnan: since its interperoperability, it makes sense. Have not seen the Microsoft interface.
  - Prasanth: on the technical side, it is already what is out there and is available.
  - Ramakrishnan: would like to have the doc, will follow up with Facoundo.

#### SIG/WG Updates
  - Models sig: Neural compressor and Turnkey integration discussions underway.
    - Ramakrishnan still investigating, should have something in the next few months.
    - Freddy: we are still doing some analysis, hopeing to bring it at tomorrow's meeting. 
  - working towards (automating -- maybe an issue) adding quantized models in zoo.

#### Open questions
  - Ramakrishnan: any requirements for Liscence for open sourcing under ONNX. Is it Appache 2.0
    - Prasanth: recommendation is Appache with DCO. That should be the starting point. If for some reason it can be done, we shoudl talk about it and reach out legal.
    - Ramakrishnan: there are some parts that are LGPL.
    - Prasanth: will connect with the right contact to determine if its ok.
    - Alex: which SIG would be the target?
    - Ramakrishnan: Model would be the best fit.
  - Author of ONNXSlim contacted Prasanth, asked to reach out to the Optimization SIG. Tool is already used in HuggingFace and others.
    
#### Next meeting (2024-09-18)
 - Moderator: Saurabh?
