## Steering Committee Meeting 02/07/2024

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |  |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    |  |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | Yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  |  |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          |  |

Other attendees:

Moderator: Mayank

#### TAC Election (Alex)
- LF AI & Data Foundation Technical Advisory Council (TAC) Chairperson election.
- Two nominees come forward:
  - Nancy Rausch (SAS)
  - Vini Jaiswal (ByteDance)
- A summary of the role:
  - Represent the TAC as a voting member on the Governing Board (will attend monthly meeting)
  - Lead TAC agenda and meetings with coordination among the TAC representatives and broader community
  - Attend sync meetings with LF AI & Data staff to discuss overall TAC activities and planning
  - General representation of the TAC and the LF AI & Data technical community
- Voting period ends: Tuesday, February 13th at 5pm Pacific Time.
- Election winner announced: Wednesday, February 14th.
- Alex's vote is to reelect the current chair (Nancy).

#### ONNX Community Meetup (Prasanth)
- Usually takes a while to identify a host so need to start thinking about it now.

#### Steering Committee elections (Prasanth)
- Organize ONNX SC elections for 2024
- Timeline?

#### LFX migration (Andreas)
As many of you have noticed, we are in the process of switching to the new LFX system from the Linux Foundation. As with any changeover, sometimes things have to settle in first ;-)
We are still in the process of somehow linking new Zoom within LFX with our mailing lists (at groups.io and the possibility to configure calendars and events there) and display them in confluence.

I'll try to present my current state of knowledge (which may be incorrect or outdated with a new LFX release).
As far as I know, all SIG leads should have access to the "Project Control Center" within the LFX and be able to create events in the ONNX area. The events defined there are not (yet?) synchronized with groups.io. For this reason, among others, it is necessary to define the meetings additionally in groups.io. 

This makes the following possible
- We get under onnx.ai/calendar (this can also be accessed by people who do not have an LFX account...) and can then also participate in the appointment as a guest.
- As before, reminders / invitations to the appointments will be sent out.
  
To simplify the whole process a little, Nathan has used onnx-anounce as the master for managing our meetings at groups.io. This means that the corresponding events no longer have to be configured in the groups.io area of the individual SIGs. (Not sure if every SIG lead has already write access there)
However, this currently still leads to the unpleasant situation that if you want to cancel/postpone a meeting, you have to delete/adapt it from both the LFX system and the onnx-anounce system.

- Sent some overview to ONNX General, our events have to be configured within LFAI, but it does not send messages automatically in GroupIO event calendar.
- Nathan wanted to simplify to the process, to edit/change it has to be done in both places.
- Still missing: Optimization SIG, and for Steering Committee with have 2. Any SIG Lead has to be also member of the onnx-announce within groups.io

#### Which operators or function should be included in the standard.
- Andreas: should be discussed in the operator SIG but do some additional advertisement to make sure we have the relevant set of experts.
- Andreas: will email Rama to discuss if he needs help.

#### Model zoo SIG update
-    Krishna will share a PR and, discuss the proposal in Jan 26th Model Zoo SIG meeting.

### Other SIG leads (tabled for next week)
- Optimization SIG is meeting on Jan 26th.
- Model zoo SIG needs a co-leader
   - TODO: need to post on twitter, social, slack, etc
   - Andreas: it maybe for model zoo, tutorial, and/or web site.
   
#### Next meeting (2024-02-21) 
 - Moderator: Andreas
