## Steering Committee Meeting 6/25/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation) | Present? |
| ------------------------------- | --- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               | Yes |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               | Yes |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            | Yes |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 | Yes | 

Others: 
Ashwini Khade
Thomas Truong
Chin Huang

### Agenda:

* Transparent process for Contributors and Approvers (Prasanth)
The rules for how to become Contributor and Approver are well defined by our open governance. However we don't have broad visibility to who the current Contributors and Approvers are, or the mechanics of proposing making changes to those lists. The lists are currently maintained as GitHub Teams (since they are also used for permissions) which are not visible to everyone. Suggestion is to have CONTRIBUTOR list for each SIG in the SIG repo. Whenever this list is updated (via a PR), the GitHub Team is manually updated. Using the PR process will make it transparent on who is nominating the candidate and whether the appropriate folks are signing-off.
  * Joohoon,Harry,Sheng : Sounds good. 
  * Jim : necessary thing. need this information for roadmap, we want something like this for e-mail list as well. We need to improve communication channels.
  * MXNet : contributor list is a direct link from repo, but this proposal would work for ONNX
  * Next step : Prasanth to populate initial files based on the current contributor list. Document this in community folder to make transparent.
  * Next step : Broadcast once the file is created (also add to onnx/onnx/README.md)
 
* Quick followup items
  * License update MIT => Apache 2 DCO (Intel & MS done. More to come?) 
    * Facebook and Apple should also be on the initial list of relicense list
    * Jim contacted Facebook, TODO: Apple
  * ONNX Slack Workspace and Channel Feedback
    * lfai-onnx.slack.com needs invitation to join, we can create link for invitation and anyone can use the link to join
    * TODO: figure out who owns onnx.slack.com 
    * Next step : Get invitation link
  * Election candidates SIG co-chair interviews WIP. Vinitra to circle back this week. Ke will interview as well. 

* Next community meeting - late August (host - time zone) Friendly for Europe.  (consider separate one for Asia)
  - Next step : document what it means to host community meeting, Sheng is happy to help.
  
* Release WG (Chin) [[Notes](https://github.com/onnx/working-groups/blob/aff76f912436c0ba5634f5db385d5fa712b63d9a/release/meetings/001-20200603.md)] (Chin to update)
   - Made few initial recommendations for future releases
   - 4 months from 1.7, next one probably in mid September
   - Release manager identified 6 weeks before target release date
   - Harry proposed - Align community meeting closer to release (mid-September)

* Cancel 7/2 meeting, next meeting will be on 7/9
* We didn't get to the items below this
---
* Communication discussion 
  * Emailing list: LFAI, @onnx.ai (Jim to update)

* Roadmap process discussion[[link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14-b92ALTP9K1bzQl9bRXtrqri5RfixFBCMV8SwTVxn0/edit?ts=5eb43d22)]
  * Proposal from Harry: 
    * Keep the release aligned with a certain event (time based release). If there is a major feature in the works for the long term, then consider feature based release. 
    * Publically announce new roadmap suggestion & feedback collection after each release. Work with Steering Committee companies to provide active feedback. 
    * After feedback is gathered, open decision session to public. Decisions to be made by SC during the session. Report votes and reasons. Priortize features. 
    * Keep an ongoing feature request form to collect feedback even after the decision forum. 
  
  * Action: 
    * Connect with SIG leads for input. Deadline. (Needs assignment) 
    * Backtrack from August workshop date. Set timeline for announcement of roadmap plans etc. 
  * Ke: separate optimizer from ONNX. Take a phased approach. 
 


  
  
