## Steering Committee Meeting 9/17/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |          |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |          |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |          |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |          |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |          |

Others:

### Agenda:

* Deprecate Gitter
  * Slack setup
    * DONE: add instructions to SIG and WG pages (Harry - Done. SIG and WG leads need to approve PR)
    * TODO: add instructions to onnx.ai (Joohoon)
    * WIP : migrate gitter to slack one by one (Jim) - Just started migrating small number, we have around 300 to go
    * DONE: Gitter channel post corresponding slack channel (Harry)

* SenseTime Logo PR
    * https://github.com/onnx/onnx.github.io/pull/75

* Relicensing to Apache 2.0
  * Enable github DCO (Prasanth waiting for response)

* Follow up from last week's roadmap discussion

* Workshop - Wed Oct 14 7-10am PT - Next ONNX Community Meeting
    * Review registration form for Cvent (#38)
    * Review event website form (#37)
    * Review Agenda (#36)
