## Steering Committee Meeting 6/18/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation) | Present? |
| ------------------------------- | --- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |  |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |  |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |  |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |  |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |  | 

Others: 

### Agenda:

* Quick followup items
  * License update MIT => Apache 2 DCO (Done: Intel, IBM.  WIP. Microsoft, Nvidia, Amazon, Facebook – then next tier.)
  * Tom ONNX Slack Workspace and Channel
  
* Release WG (Chin) [[Notes](https://github.com/onnx/working-groups/blob/aff76f912436c0ba5634f5db385d5fa712b63d9a/release/meetings/001-20200603.md)]
  
* Communication discussion 
  * Emailing list: LFAI, @onnx.ai

* Roadmap process discussion
  1) Gather requests and ideas [[link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14-b92ALTP9K1bzQl9bRXtrqri5RfixFBCMV8SwTVxn0/edit?ts=5eb43d22)]
  2) Decision making 
  3) Project timeline
  4) How to surface it to the community
  
  * Proposal from Harry: 
    * Keep the release aligned with a certain event (time based release). If there is a major feature in the works for the long term, then consider feature based release. 
    * Announce new roadmap suggestion & feedback collection after each release. Work with Steering Committee companies to provide active feedback. 
    * After feedback is gathered, open decision session to public. Decisions to be made by SC during the session. Report votes and reasons. Priortize features. 
    * Keep an ongoing feature request form to collect feedback even after the decision forum. 
  
* Steering Committee weekly rotation
  1) Jim’s instructions 
  2) Email SC a copy the night before, and any regular attendees
  3) Update on Github https://github.com/onnx/steering-committee
  4) Reminder: Thursday 9:30am PT, at https://zoom.us/j/784475658

* Transparent process for Contributors and Approvers
  
