## Steering Committee Meeting 1/9/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation) | Present? |
| ------------------------------- | --- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |  |
| Joe Spisak (Facebook)           |  |
| Vin Sharma (Amazon)             |  | 
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |  |
| Dilip Sequeira (Nvidia)         |  |


### Agenda:

* **Website update**   
Website refresh from Microsoft published at https://onnx.ai.  
Seeking to work with Intel to update http://onnx.ai/backend-scoreboard/ look and feel and link from main site too.

* **Edge WG**  
After consultation with Steering Committe, Edge WG members voted to retire the WG due to challenges with the scope and participation.  
WGs are meant to be short term with a specific scope. It’s completely okay if the conclusion is that the scope is not right or not of enough interest. We can always spin up another WG with the same or different scope when the time is right. 

* **Model Zoo/Tutorials SIG**
Vinitra Swamy (Microsoft) has volunteered to lead and written a scope doc at https://github.com/onnx/sigs/blob/master/models-tutorials/docs/MissionStatement.md

* **LF AI meeting updates**  
Outreach meeting for this month canceled.  
TAC meeting on Thur 1/16 - Dilip to attend.  
As discussed last time, after we've each attended one meeting, we will decide how best to structure participation.

* **LF AI Calendar** 

* **Repo guidelines draft**  
https://github.com/onnx/steering-committee/blob/master/repo-guidelines-draft.md
Update to make it clearer that it has to go through SIG first
Add section for archiving repos

* **Training WG**


* **Agenda items for next week** 
  *  LF AI Onboarding list
    *	Build out your wiki space, and create an LF ID if needed  
      static page at most
    *	Coordinate meeting with LF AI for 2020 marketing plan review
    *	Review Getting Involved Guide and Technical Project Getting Started Checklist
