## Steering Committee Meeting 12/02/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |   Yes    |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |   Yes    |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |   Yes    |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |   Yes    |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |   Yes    |

Others:

### Agenda:

* Workshop (China friendly)
     * Waiting for response from Ke (Ant financial)
       * Have not heard back
     * Other potential host options
       * Baidu - Jim is going to check
       * Harry (Intel)
       * Joohoon (NVIDIA)
     * Ask using announce alias and on slack
     * Target date:
       * NVIDIA GTC date not finalized
       * Harry, Jim - Late March might be good
       * March 24 (Wednesday) 3hr meeting

     * Proposed Agenda
       * Working Group roadmap update
       * SIG
       * ONNX User / Adoption stories

     * LFAI requires 3 months lead-in time
       * Jim to follow up with LFAI for target date of Mar 24, 2021

     * Call for proposals
       * Website / slack
       * Landing page for workshop - onnx.ai (nicer looking website)
       * Recordings from previous workshop are on LFAI

* "ONNX CII badge is now at 100%‚Äù - do we have any other open issues or opportunities to leverage LF I & Data?  ONNX is one of the leading graduated projects there, and Ibrahim has been asking where projects want help in 2021.  They have created an analytics portal - and asking for any feedback:  https://insights.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/projects/lfai

* Invite Zetane back for an update - they are creating a free viewer for ONNX models and we can get LF AI & Data to amplify that and have them do a blog when they are ready. AI explainability.
  * Can LFAI host the tool on website? - Zetane is not an open source tool
  * Netron can show models on web version

* Any other ideas on who we should invite to upcoming SC meetings.  Best practices is to have invited speakers when we can - and help amplify their efforts to promote ONNX.  Also do any of the working groups need help amplifying their progress on the ONNX roadmap items?

* License update DCO / Apache
    * Need to make PR to update license
    * Adding SPDX metadata on top of every file
    * Sheng has a script that can automate the change, will create PR.

