## Steering Committee Meeting 4/23/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation) | Present? |
| ------------------------------- | --- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes |
| Joe Spisak (Facebook)           | Yes |
| Vin Sharma (Amazon)             | No | 
| Harry Kim (Intel)               | Yes |
| Dilip Sequeira (Nvidia)         | Yes |


Other: Jim, Tom

### Agenda:

* **Community Meetup recap**  
Joe: logistically went well; was worried about it being over zoom  
Harry: reduced time was good; people didn't have to choose between tracks
Jim: quality, pace, # attendees were good; no side conversations that are possible in face to face meetings
Prasanth: overall went well; agree that reduced time made speakers more focused; can have china-friendly

* **LFAI TAC representative** (Prasanth)  
Though the plan was to have rotating attendence, ONNX steering committee members have not been able to attend most of the LFAI TAC meetings.  
Proposal is for Jim Spohrer to act as ONNX representative. He would report back in the regular steering committee meetings.  
Vote: Joe, Harry, Dilip, Prasanth agree

* **Steering Committee elections** (Harry)  
Candidates who applied by deadline and list of eligible contributors posted to steering committee github.
Voting starts 5/4, need to:
  * make the list of candidates visible
  * collect emails of contributors and send them announcement with voting instructions

* **ONNX 1.7 Release**  
ONNX 1.7 has been delayed due to various issues, looking like early next week for the release.
Chin will run post mortem afterwards
Need to ensure SIG leaders are driving.
Ensure SIGs are meeting regularly; add to LF calendar

* **Roadmap process**  
This was the first year, so a lot of time was spent on ground work.
Moving into second year, need to do more discussions
Harry: allocate time to discuss roadmap once a month during TSC time, invite everyone, do pre-work
Jim: have a shared document for people to submit ideas for roadmap
