## Steering Committee Meeting 3/12/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation) | Present? |
| ------------------------------- | --- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes |
| Joe Spisak (Facebook)           | Yes |
| Vin Sharma (Amazon)             | No | 
| Harry Kim (Intel)               | No |
| Dilip Sequeira (Nvidia)         | Yes |

Others:
Chin Huang (IBM),
Vinitra Swamy (MS)

### Agenda:

* **Rename Model Zoo and Tutorials SIG** (Vinitra)  
Proposal is to rename to Outreach SIG because the SIG covers model zoo, tutorials, conference presentations, and more to help users onboard and use ONNX  
Dilip: "Outreach" feels less technical  
Joe: "Outreach" name may sell short the work that the SIG is doing  
Prasanth: renaming is good idea; can brainstorm other ideas  
Next step: Vinitra will brainstorm other names  

* **Community workshop** (Tom)  
Scheduled for 4/9 morning, virtual only using Zoom.  
Update from Tom:  
Everything is moving along nicely. The LFAI site for this virtual meetup (https://events.linuxfoundation.org/lf-ai-day-onnx-community-virtual-meetup/) is up and registration is now active. I’m working on the list of speakers to present and give updates that day. Please let me know if you have any suggestions. I will reach out to the leaders of the WGs and SIGs.  
Prasanth to get the announcement posted on onnx.ai and on ONNX social media.  

* **ONNX 1.7 release** (Chin)  
Waiting for final validation of the release candidate WHLs
Conda separated

* **ONNX Charter from LF AI**  
LF AI had sent out charter - steering committee need to review and sign off  
Changes include moving to Apache 2.0 license, removing CLA, and adding DCO.

* **Election roll out** (Harry)  
Deferred to next meeting

* **Community items**  
None
