## Steering Committee Meeting 5/21/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation) | Present? |
| ------------------------------- | --- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes |
| Joe Spisak (Facebook)           | Yes |
| Vin Sharma (Amazon)             |   | 
| Harry Kim (Intel)               | Yes |
| Dilip Sequeira (Nvidia)         | Yes |

Others: Jim Spohrer (IBM), Joohoon Lee (NVIDIA), Sheng Zha (AWS), Thomas Truong (IBM)

### Agenda:

* **Welcome new Steering Committee members**  
github handles: Jim (jimspohrer), Joohoon (joohoon), Sheng (szha)

* **Steering Committee elections results and next steps** (Harry)  
Harry to update file structure in github  
Harry will notify voters and candidates via email and encourage candidates to join/lead SIGs  
Jim to write blog for LFAI on new steering committee  
Prasanth to help share on social media next Monday (June 1)  

* **ONNX 1.7 post mortem** (Chin)  
Notes posted
Action: start new Release working group to address the suggestion/improvements identified. Chin as working group lead. Have regular Steering Committee checkins since Releases are critical to ONNX - add to recurring Steering Committee agenda

* **LFAI updates, if any** (Jim)  
TAC mtg update: IBM's SnapML (traditional ML operators) may be contributed.

* **License updates** (Jim)  
Jim has setup the relicensing file in Github.  
Need everyone to talk to their legal depts for adding the approval to the doc.  

* **Meeting next week?**
Skip next week. Resume first week of June,
