## Steering Committee Meeting 9/23/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes      |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               | Yes      |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               | Yes      |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            | Yes      |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 | Yes      |

Others: Thomas Truong, Ashwini Khade

### Agenda:

* Workshop - Wed Oct 14 7-10am PT - Next ONNX Community Meeting
  * Registration website should be ready on Friday 
  * need to post on website, social media, and slack
  * Speaker slots (15 mins each): one still open
     * Prasanth to follow up with Hugging Face
  * Harry to follow up with SIG/WGs on presenting updates

* Gitter to Slack migration
    * WIP: add a new instruction page to onnx.ai on joining slack (Joohoon - WIP)
    * WIP : migrate gitter to slack one by one (Jim) - Finished inviting individuals.
        * Targeting gitter shutdown by community meeting.

* Relicensing to Apache 2.0
  * DCO enabled as build check on all repos. Will be made required before community meeting
  * All contributors to any of the repos need to use different process for making commits.
  * Ashwini okay to enable on ONNX repo and hash out any issues
  
* 1.8 Release
  * Release manager: Jacky (Microsoft)
  * Asking community for any other items that need to be added to the release
  * Targeting week of Oct 19th
  * Figuring out validation plan. Will post release candidate once available and expect partners to validate.

* Roadmap discussion
  * actions from last week discussion
  * 4th discussion today: quick impact analysis on the topics covered (Must have, Good to have, Not at the moment)
  * Follow up on engineering cost

* Comments from @daquexian
  * Review process is too slow. Not much attention to developer community
  * Instruction for linux & mac is wrong. https://github.com/onnx/onnx/issues/3017 
