## Steering Committee Meeting 12/10/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |          |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |          |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |          |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |          |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |          |

Others:

### Agenda:

* Workshop (China friendly)
     * Potential host
       * Baidu - Jim is going to check
         * Ti Zhou, checking with Baidu
         * Harry (Intel)
         * Joohoon (NVIDIA)
     * Ask using announce alias and on slack

     * Target date:
       * NVIDIA GTC date not finalized
       * Harry, Jim - Late March might be good
       * March 24 (Wednesday) 3hr meeting

     * Proposed Agenda
       * Working Group roadmap update
       * SIG
       * ONNX User / Adoption stories

     * LFAI support
       * Information
         * [ONNX Community Meetup in March 2021](https://wiki.lfaidata.foundation/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=35160391)
         * [LF AI Day Instructions page for Event Hosts](https://wiki.lfaidata.foundation/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=35160394)
         * [LF AI & Data events page entry](https://lfaidata.foundation/event/lf-ai-day-onnx-community-virtual-meetup-march-2021/)
       * Todo (due today-ish)
         * [Update and review website request form](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VbG-haLcRc6DO7kQRNlowDHCETOkwwI3tR8De8tom9k/edit?usp=sharing)
         * [Update and review Cvent registration form request](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nJq9CMfyQc9On-LEKFtSk1Qn3RPA9Iq86Lv_AB6VSWA/edit?usp=sharing)
         * [Update and review blog post draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Kh11gj7fftY3L8CQZmEkytmdo-0JFpazL_osrpJJPUU/edit?usp=sharing)

     * Call for proposals
       * Website / slack
       * Landing page for workshop - onnx.ai (nicer looking website)

* Kubeflow presentation

* License update DCO / Apache
    * Initial PR in onnx/onnx#3159
