## Steering Committee Meeting 9/9/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |   Yes    |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |   Yes    |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |   Yes    |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |   Yes    |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |   Yes    |

Others: Alexandre Eichenberger, Thomas Truong, Yufeng Wei, Vinitra Swamy, Saurabh Tangri

### Agenda:

* Deprecate Gitter
  * Slack setup
    * DONE: add instructions to SIG and WG pages (Harry - Done. SIG and WG leads need to approve PR)
    * TODO: add instructions to onnx.ai (Joohoon)
    * WIP : migrate gitter to slack one by one (Jim) - Just started migrating small number, we have around 300 to go
    * TODO: Gitter channel post corresponding slack channel (Harry)

* Workshop - Wed Oct 14 7-10am PT - Next ONNX Community Meeting 
  * Email invitation (linux foundation) - Sent to ONNX announce LFAI mailing list
  * Call for contribution - Thomas to introduce Sheng to Jackline

* Relicensing to Apache 2.0
  * Duel license note recommended (Jim followed up with LFAI)
  * Enable github DCO (Prasanth waiting for response)

* SIG Leadership 
  * Arch/infra SIG - Ke Zhang (Alibaba) is currently sole leader since Lu stepped back. Ke would like to nominate Ashwini Khade (MS) as co-lead. She is responsible for ONNX engineering work at Microsoft and has been actively involved in GitHub (handle: askhade) as well as SIG meetings. She is already an Approver in the Arch/Infra SIG and her hands-on experience will be valuable to help drive this key SIG more proactively. She is willing to be co-lead.
    * Ashwini Khade (MS) - Approved
   
  * Models/Tutorials SIG - Vinitra Swamy (MS) is currently sole leader. She has done a fantastic job with regular community meetings and significant increase in models (with quality) in the zoo. She will no longer have time to be SIG leader and recommended Wenbing Li (MS) as the new lead. Wenbing is currently an Approver in the Converters SIG. He is the top contributor to ONNXMLTools (https://github.com/onnx/onnxmltools/graphs/contributors) and as such is familiar with models and what is needed for a successful ONNX experience. He is willing to be the SIG lead, to replace Vinitra. Would also love to have a co-lead for this SIG who is willing and able to invest the time and energy needed.
    * Wenbing Li (MS) - Approved
    * Another co-lead opportunity

* SenseTime Presentation by Fengwei Yu
  * ONNX for Efficient AI Deployment -- best practices from SenseTime (under Spring Project)

* Follow up from last week's roadmap discussion on preprocessing and ML pipeline
  * Higher impact from enabling data frame aligned with PyData
  * Data preprocessing (e.g. FFT, spectogram) can leverage other libraries with DF enablement
