## Steering Committee Meeting 1/9/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation) | Present? |
| ------------------------------- | --- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes |
| Joe Spisak (Facebook)           | Yes |
| Vin Sharma (Amazon)             | No | 
| Harry Kim (Intel)               | Yes |
| Dilip Sequeira (Nvidia)         | Yes |


### Agenda:

* **Website update**   
Website refresh from Microsoft published at https://onnx.ai.  
Seeking to work with Intel to update http://onnx.ai/backend-scoreboard/ look and feel and link from main site too. Harry to ping Michal.

* **Edge WG**  
After consultation with Steering Committe, Edge WG members voted to retire the WG due to challenges with the scope and participation.  
WGs are meant to be short term with a specific scope. Itâ€™s completely okay if the conclusion is that the scope is not right or not of enough interest. We can always spin up another WG with the same or different scope when the time is right. 

* **Training WG**  
https://github.com/onnx/onnx/pull/2314 PR is ready. Arch/Infra, Operator, and Converters SIGs are reviewing.  
Additional docs at https://github.com/onnx/working-groups/blob/master/training/  
Some questions to consider:  
  * What release should this be part of? Streering Committee recommends it as preview/experimental
  * What domain should the new ops be in? If exiting ops updated, then keep new ops consistent
  * Should training fields be in the same IR? Yes, since there is no breaking change

* **Model Zoo/Tutorials SIG**  
Vinitra Swamy (Microsoft) has volunteered to lead and written a scope doc at https://github.com/onnx/sigs/blob/master/models-tutorials/docs/MissionStatement.md. Steering Committee approves. Prasanth to work with LF AI and Vinitra to kick off the SIG.

* **Repo guidelines**  
https://github.com/onnx/steering-committee/blob/master/repo-guidelines-draft.md  
Addressed feedback by updating to make it clearer that new repos have to go through SIG first and added section for archiving repos.  
Prasanth to make PR in main ONNX repo.

* **LF AI meeting updates**  
Outreach meeting for this month canceled.  
TAC meeting on Thur 1/16 - Dilip to attend.  
As discussed last time, after we've each attended one meeting, we will decide how best to structure participation.

* **LF AI Calendar**  
Steering Committee meetings now on calendar: https://wiki.lfai.foundation/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=18481196  
Other SIGs and WGs need to add theirs
Prasanth to see how to embed into or link from ONNX.ai website

* **Agenda items for next week**  
  * MLIR dialect
