## Steering Committee Meeting 03/10/2021

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |          |
| Harry Kim (Facebook)            |          |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |          |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |          |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |          |

Others:

### Agenda:

* Licensing status and open issues (Adds Apache2 & SPDX license)
    * [onnx/models#419](https://github.com/onnx/models/pull/419)
    * [onnx/tutorials#233](https://github.com/onnx/tutorials/pull/233)
    * Consulted with Scott Nicholas from LF AI for licensing.
        * Conclusion is that licenses should stay the same until re-contribution, and the SPDX identifier should identify what license each file is under.

* Find a release manager for upcoming ONNX release 1.9
    * Coordinating release, make sure checklists are completed (CI, tests are passing, release note, publishing to pypi, etc)
    * Chin, Kevin, Jacky have done before
    * Michal to check whether Intel can volunteer this time (by next Monday)
    * #onnx-release-wg slack channel to discuss

* March Meetup (China friendly)
    * Host: Ti Zhou (Baidu)
    * Time: March 25 8-11am CST (March 24 5-8pm PDT)
    * Jim working with Ti. Everyone has been notified already.
    * AI: Jim - Update LFAI event website with list of talks and details
    * AI: Jim - Getting decks and upload the recordings
    * AI: Registration ~59 people signed up so far, need to boost registration
    * AI: Sheng/Prasanth - Update onnx.ai website (https://onnx.ai/news.html#news56)
