## Steering Committee Meeting 09/17/2021

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes      |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | Yes      |
| Mayank Kaushik (Nvidia)         | Yes      |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         | Yes      |
| Wenming Ye (AWS)                | Yes      |

Others: Jim Spohrer, Rajeev Rao (NVIDIA)

### Agenda:
  
  #### Roadmap discussions
  - Second session today. Will be recorded and posted on YouTube afterwards
  - Notice on onnx.ai site
  - Posted slides on ONNX Roadmap slack channel
  - Roadmap: Rajeev what happen after, where does it land up. 
    - Preprocessing should go to pre-processing group. Adam's presentation should be infra.
    - Assign to a sig, and at the community meetup say that this will be address. (Prasanth)
    - Should just send them (Rajeev)
    - Rajeev: posted video and presentation helped.

  #### ONNX Community workshop (Rajeev)
  - Next ONNX community meetup set for Oct 21, 2021 (8 to 11am PST)
  - Call for talks form ready. Deadline is Sept 29. Announce selections on Oct 4th. Went out and shared on slack channel.
  - Will do the same to socializing, thanks for posting on Twitter & Facebook (Prasanth)
  - registration page will be ready later.
  - We have zero submission as we stand (Prasanth). URL to add presentation, and URL to check responces. 
    - If we can promote it to customers.
    - We should also remind SIG leaders (no need to register)
    - MS will have one or two talks. Intel is trying for one. 
    - 10 min is pretty short (Prasanth).
    - Prashanth: social media helps because Slack is only local. Suggest personal LinkedIn. LFAI does it too, and then we can re-share.
  - Rajeev: wait until the registration is done (hopefuly a couple of days)
  - Agenda currently has 10 community presentations, 4 SIGs, and the pre-processing WG.
 
 #### Other topics
 - Mayank has contacted the Preprocessing working group to schedue a new meeting. Next one is schedule for october. Will present some proof of concept.
 - Links in onnx.ai. ONNX-MLIR has made an onnx.ai/onnx-mlir page but it is not currently linked to (Alex)
   - Prasanth: maybe a "Supported Tool", as ONNX_MLIR is a compiler. Make a proposal and we will look into it.
