## Steering Committee Meeting 09/22/2021

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes      |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | Yes      |
| Mayank Kaushik (Nvidia)         | No       |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         | Yes      |
| Wenming Ye (AWS)                | Yes      |

Others: Rajeev Rao (NVIDIA)

### Agenda:
  
  #### Roadmap discussions
  - Third session today. Will be recorded and posted on YouTube afterwards
  - Notice on onnx.ai site
  - Posted slides on ONNX Roadmap slack channel
  - Rajeev: at the end, we write on the slack the "action" related to each topic (assignment to SIG).
  - Prananth: as part of SIG or intro, we should have a summary of the roadmap activity and list of actions that resulted from the roadmap

  #### ONNX Community workshop (Rajeev)
  - Next ONNX community meetup set for Oct 21, 2021 (8 to 11am PST). Presentation by Oct 15th (presentation as well as video).
    - Pre-recorded? or Live?
    - Prasanth: Pre-recorded makes it easier to manage time. Last 2 times mostly pre-recorded. Live went a bit over the time. 
    - We can still have live questions.
    - Better to share the live video after the event.
    - We need to request the videos from the presenters.
  - Website is now live, put some slack messages, LFAI announce, twitter, facebook.
  - Call for talks form ready. Deadline is Sept 29. Announce selections on Oct 4th. 
  - We have 2 talks registered. 
  - Will do the same to socializing, thanks for posting on Twitter & Facebook (Prasanth)
    - If we can promote it to customers.
    - We reminded each of the SIG leaders.
    - MS will have one or two talks. Intel is trying for one. IBM for one.
    - Prashanth: social media helps because Slack is only local. Suggest personal LinkedIn. LFAI does it too, and then we can re-share.
  - Agenda currently has 10 community presentations, 4 SIGs, and the pre-processing WG.
  - We should also work on the Steering Committee presentation (currently at 20 min, can be shared for one more presentation)
  - Wenming: what was the attendence? 100-150 the first one, 80 the second one (china friendly time). In person, we used to get 100+.
 
