## Steering Committee Meeting 03/10/2021

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes      |
| Harry Kim (Facebook)            | Yes      |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               | Yes      |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            | Yes      |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 | Yes      |

Others: Alexandre Eichenberger, Wranky Wang, Ashwini Khade, Rajeev Nalawadi, Rita Xu, Chun-wei Chen, Ti Zhou

### Agenda:

* Licensing status and open issues (Adds Apache2 & SPDX license)
    * [onnx/models#419](https://github.com/onnx/models/pull/419)
    * [onnx/tutorials#233](https://github.com/onnx/tutorials/pull/233)
    * Consulted with Scott Nicholas from LF AI for licensing.
        * Conclusion is that licenses should stay the same until re-contribution, and the SPDX identifier should identify what license each file is under.

* Find a release manager for upcoming ONNX release 1.9
    * Coordinating release, make sure checklists are completed (CI, tests are passing, release note, publishing to pypi, etc)
    * Michal confirmed that Intel will manage the next release. Release manager is TBD.
    * Need dates: release manager needs to coordinate, tentative proposal 3/31 (Ashwini).
    * Ashwini: propose to restart weekly sync-up on release progress.
    * Effort estimate: 1 week or so (we addressed travis CI risks by moving to github actions) for release artifact and 1 week for partner verification.

* March Meetup (China friendly)
    * Host: Ti Zhou (Baidu)
    * Time: March 25 8-11am CST (March 24 5-8pm PDT)
    * Presenters started uploading deck/recording.
    * Jacky's talk can be merged to Ashwini's SIG talk.
    * Talk to be shared on Bilibili.
    * AI: We should inform speakers that this is broadcasted on bilibili.
    * AI (done): Jim - Update LFAI event website with list of talks and details
    * AI: Registration ~65 people signed up so far, need to boost registration
    * AI (done): Sheng/Prasanth - Update onnx.ai website (https://onnx.ai/news.html#news56)
