## Steering Committee Meeting 11/03/2021

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | No      |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | Yes      |
| Mayank Kaushik (Nvidia)         | No       |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         | Yes      |
| Wenming Ye (AWS)                | Yes      |

Others: Jim Spohrer, Rajeev Rao

### Agenda:
 
  #### ONNX Converters SIG (Co-chair)
  - Kevin Chen transfer accepted.
  
  #### ONNX Community Workshop on Oct 21 (follow-up items from previous SC meeting)
  - Videos are posted on youtube every week. Thanks.
  - Jim will post the workshop videos to Youtube and Twitter starting from community presentations 
  - Will wait for responses from post-event survey results from Erin Thacker. Update next week.
    - Got very little feedback. Good feedback, like the short format, the 10 min sessions. (Rajeev)
    - FYI 2029 folks were attending in China on the BillyBilly channel for 2.5h (Wenming)
  - Looking forward to next ONNX workshop in March/April 2022. Hopefully live this time.

  #### Roadmap & SIG/WG next steps for proposals
  - Most of the work now is with SIG/WG for next steps, recap at some point in future SC meeting
  - Rajeev encouraged Intel folks to present to the respective SIG group.
  
  #### TAC election of board member.
  - Jim knows both of them, Susan is great for diversity. Nancy is great too, she replaced Jim, she is fantastic too.
  - Jim asked anyone to voice their opinion. Rajeev like the role to switch it from time to time.
  - Current consensus is on Susan, please voice your opinion before end of Monday next week if you have a different opinion.
  - Info on candidtes are on the Steering Committee slack channel

 
