## Steering Committee Meeting 08/24/2022

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes   |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes   |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | no   |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         | yes   |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | no   |

Other attendees: Rajeev Rao (Nvidia), Dsequeria (Nvidia)

### Agenda:

  #### Contributions to ONNX repo (Neural compressor tool)
  - Rajeev R (RR/NVIDIA).: great utility, how closely related to ONNX project, node placement is very architecture dependent.
  - Rajeev N (RN/Intel).: it supports CPU GPUs and other accelerators, has hardware configuration files. Our goals is to enable generate mixed precision models. Want others to join in to make the tool better.
  - RR: what does the hardware config files can control? Answer: precision, .. was presented.
  - RN: Post training Quatization (PTQ) (which is ONNX to ONNX), the other is Quantization Aware Training (which is not ONNX based) and Sparcity is done in the frameworks.
  - Prasanth: if tool supported NVIDIA, would you still feel that it belongs to ONNX? RR: ONNX as interchange, not so much; as a tool, yes there are tools that are specialized for specific arch
  - RN? Important to generate model zoo with quantized data.
  - Prasanth: would need a deep dive to generate examples to show use to different architectures (e.g. NVIDA).
  - RN: what is the ask? RR: if tools are part of the ONNX, and if a tool is not optimal for a given platform, then one of the criteria is that there is buyin from other vendors.
  - Prasanth: basic tool can be part of ONNX, not just the spec (graph tools, converters). The tools need to be vendor neutral or broadly adopted by other vendors. Are they other options available out there.
  - RR: our initial feeling is that it has to apply to ONNX. But there is utility to the broader framework.
  - Prasanth: be clear what the philosophy or the principle of ONNX Repo (more long term?) We should be coming up with a principle.
  - RR: the second aspect to have community buying.
  - Dsequeria: how much work would it be for an ISV to add their own architecture?
  - Main conclusions:
      - D/RR: next step to have NVIDA look at the output of the tool for placement and then ask to see if/how to modify it.
      - Prasanth: develop principles of what is expected of new ONNX repo
  
  #### ONNX website updates
  - Topic pushed to next week due to Andreas absence
  - Andreas working on modifying content (flyte & readthedocs.org approach) ?
  - Andreas has suggested some top-down navigation links to faciliate easier readability
   
  #### Next meeting (9/7)
  - Moderator: Andreas
