## Steering Committee Meeting 04/01/2022

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes      |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | Yes      |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | Yes      |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         | No       |
| Wenming Ye (AWS)                | Yes      |

Others: )  Jim Spohrer, Gabe Esteves  

### Agenda:
  ####
  - Ashwini Khade will be stepping down as the co-chair of Arch SIG
  - Liqun Fun will be joining as the new co-chair.
  - Logistics: Adding Li Qun to the right security groups upon approval. (Todo, Prasanth)
  - Gabe, Wenming, Prasanth and Alex Voted yes on approval.
  - Action item:  makes changes for security groups (converter, and arch/infra,  Todo, Prasanth)
  - Action item for Ashwini: Make an annoucement on slack channel. [done]
  
  #### (From last time) Converter SIG presentation (Kevin)
  - Missing a few attendees familiar with other convertors besides onnx-tensorflow, onnx-tensorrt, onnxruntime
    - Gabe will get in touch with OpenVino reps Update 3/23: next step is to have Gabe follow up with the rest of the SIG. 
    Next step: Gabe to reach out to sig chair to confirm.
    - Gary (MS) will follow up with scikit-learn reps  Action Item: Follow up with Kevin and Gary on slack.  [done]
 
  #### (From last time) Converter Operator presentation 
  - Gabe contacted Michal, who needs more time (due to unscheduled and unavoidable commitements) and will contact group when ready to present.
  - Update 4/1: Gabe will follow up again in 2 weeks. 

  #### Enable stale bot on onnx/onnx repo
  - Proposal, set a threshold for how long an issue has recorded no activity before closing (or notifying original submitter, depending on the selected bot) [enabled as of 4/1]
  - In the process of being enabled.  (PR already in progress 3/23)

  #### Next meeting (4/6)
  - Next moderator: Alex.

  #### Election is coming up for 2022   (Alex & Wenming to start this by 4/6)
  - Election should be called. 
  - Action Item: Nomination Form. Jim Helped for 2021. Wenming/Alex/Jim by 4/6 
  - Action Item: Add/clean up contribution list. (Prasanth)
  
