## Steering Committee Meeting 01/12/2021

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes      |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | Yes      |
| Mayank Kaushik (Nvidia)         | Yes      |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         | Yes      |
| Wenming Ye (AWS)                | Yes      |

Others: Minjie Wang, Jim Spohrer

### Agenda:
  
  #### Repo maintenance
  - master -> main: Converter Sigs, model zoo still needs to be done.
  - OpenSSF best practice: ONNX-MLIR good experience, in progress, can reuse some infra from ONNX repo.

  #### Next onnx release:
  - Ashwini or her team will volunteer as the release manager.

  #### Vision doc
  - Everyone should bring 1-2 ideas. 
  - Revisit:  who is our customers.  
  - What should the experience look like, and what their painpoints are.
  - What Can we build?
  - Summary last week
    - Alex: ML+DL Pre-processing:  Pre-processing group should give an update.  Autogluon team should present to the pre-processing SIG.
    - Rajeev N: robustness, privacy preserving ML: FL, homomorphic encryption. Multiple Sigs:  pre-processing & operator sigs. (Let's invite Joshua Allen from OpenDP). Rajeev to invite some intel folks.  Let's connect with other LF&AI community.
    - Prasanth:  higher level visions:  Ease of use.   Accepted and used by more communities.  Model Zoos with Onnx optimization. Discoverability. Security and Trust.  Hardware vendors: community perception and supportablity.   
    - Rajeev R: # of operators increase.  Be more thoughtful of what gets classified as operators.  Standard libs of operators. 
  - Next steps: Continue next time.   (Turn this into a doc).
    - Wenming will start the doc and we will continue from here. 
   
  #### Guest speaker:  Minjie Wang  (DGL team Lead, 20 min)
   - Presentation on Deep Graph Library
   - Work on graph data, deep learning is growing (Graph Neural Networks, GNN)
   - Can feed embedding (from the graph) to a classifier, based on message passing.
   - Worked on a Deep Graph Library (DGL) + easy to use, efficiently, scalable, ecosystem
     - can use sparse matmul operators to implement efficiently.
     - g-SDDMM and g-SpMM operators are key to operations.
   - Prasanth: what are you lookinf from ONNX? new Operators?
     - yes, 2 operations and some specific formats.
   - Prasanth: what is the flow?
     - right now integrated in PyTorch. 
   - Rajeev: is there special requirements for graphs?
     - heterogeneous definitely need special treatements, bu can split into several homogeneous.
     - if there are a lot of relationships, then this break down. It can the be represented differently.
   - Alex: Is there a necessary compiler aspect to this proposal
     - there are a couple of combination that user uses directly. Compiler can bridge the gap when operators are not directly impemented as kernels.
     - Prasanth: will you make a proposal? Talk to operator SIG. Can share the deck? Minjie is interested and will be in touch with the help from Wenming.
    
  #### Next meetings: 
  - Next moderator: Mayank (February 4th)
  
