## Steering Committee Meeting 06/01/2022

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |   no    |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    |   yes   |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         |   no   |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         |   yes   |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)   |  yes    |

Others: 

### Agenda:
  #### Steering Committee Election
  - Website: we didn't do it last year; publish blog with LFAI like 2 years ago (Prasanth?)
   
  #### ONNX Release
  - v1.12.0rc3 is being tested after 2 critical PRs that needed to be added.
  - uploaded the wheels packages at https://test.pypi.org/project/onnx/1.12.0rc3/#filesystems
  - Target ASAP before the meet. Andreas: could we add a new video about the latest? 2 or 3 min update? Ask Ettore.
  
  #### Community meetup
  - Agenda being published.
  - Friday June 24th at Microsoft Silicon Valley campus (hybrid event)
    - Link for event: https://community.linuxfoundation.org/events/details/lfhq-lf-ai-data-foundation-presents-lf-ai-data-day-onnx-community-meetup-silicon-valley/
    - Link for talks: https://forms.office.com/pages/responsepage.aspx?id=v4j5cvGGr0GRqy180BHbR3LZwlB13h1Eq4bOWzh-2EpUNE5PUkhZM00yS1pHTEVPQzlXUlpaOEc2WC4u
  - Registrations: 73 so far
  - Talks: 15 talks so far  (live talk preferrably).
    - We have slack channels for questions? Or with zoom? We can make a permanent slack channel for Meetup discussions. 
    - 10 minutes, some in person, some virtual, some pre-recorded
    - steering committee should work on the steering committee presentation, vision why is exciting, what is comming up, set the tone for the overal project. Start 1st week of June.
    - Prasanth requested info for making presentation. Gives us a hard deadline for 6/15 for ideas with sketches of slides. Rajeev will start a draft.
    - We shoud have a YouTube channel that is a bit unsorted. To better structure the videos so that it is easier to locate. Pydate is more structured. Andreas to make suggestions.

 #### Help with ONNX PR monitoring
  - Need to encourage more people to be maintainers/approvers for managing PRs
    - Arch, infra and operators have lots of pending PRs.
  - Participating compaines should nominate people for these roles
  - People who have given presented in the past would be good candidates
  - SIG leads/steering committee members could come up with proposals
    - Mayank to send email to SIG leads asking for maintainer nomiations
    - All SC members to look for volunteer maintainers within their companies
  - tabled for next week.
  
 #### Make video a bit more proheminent as GitHub/Web pages
  - Andreas: suggest to have more web/github presence.
    - Other community have open/office hours, we could use it.
    - SIG is more technical, could have these for how to use, what is possible, what are limitations
      - interested in ONNX, how can we jump in. 
  
  #### Next meeting (6/15)
  - Moderator: Mayank
 
