## Steering Committee Meeting 04/29/2022

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes      |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes      |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | no      |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         | no       |
| Wenming Ye (AWS)                | no       |

Others: Gabe @rgesteve, Jim Spohrer

### Agenda:
  #### Steering Committee Election
  - Voting period: Mon 5/9 - Wed 5/18
    - 32 votes out of 61 members so far, need a reminder
  - Election ends on 5/18.
  - script can be used.
    - will make the full vote with identification public to github, copying the format. 
  
  #### Community meetup [Update]
  - Confirmed, please circulate. /// * Please use call for content Webpage.*
  - Planned for Friday June 24th 
  - Location: Microsoft Silicon Valley campus
  - Considering AltSpaceVR option
  - MS is promoting the event
    - 19 people have registered so far for in-person (50 including virtual), target is 100. The sooner we have the target number, the better for organization.
    - also reached out for talks, currently about 5, target is more than 12.
    - steering committee shoudl work on the steering committee presentation, vision why is exciting, what is comming up, set the tone for the overal project. Start 1st week of June.
    - post more folks, all of you should also encourage attending.
    - Link for event: https://community.linuxfoundation.org/events/details/lfhq-lf-ai-data-foundation-presents-lf-ai-data-day-onnx-community-meetup-silicon-valley/
    - Link for talks: https://forms.office.com/pages/responsepage.aspx?id=v4j5cvGGr0GRqy180BHbR3LZwlB13h1Eq4bOWzh-2EpUNE5PUkhZM00yS1pHTEVPQzlXUlpaOEc2WC4u

  #### Release manager for next ONNX release
  - IBM has identified Etore Tiotto as release manager /// onboarded, targeting end of the month.
    - got in touch with the SIG
  
  #### Help with ONNX PR monitoring
  - Need to encourage more people to be maintainers/approvers for managing PRs
    - Arch, infra and operators have lots of pending PRs.
  - Participating compaines should nominate people for these roles
  - People who have given presented in the past would be good candidates
  - SIG leads/steering committee members could come up with proposals
    - Mayank to send email to SIG leads asking for maintainer nomiations
    - All SC members to look for volunteer maintainers within their companies
  - tabled for next friday.
  
  #### Next meeting (5/27)
  - Moderator: @rgesteve
 
