## Steering Committee Meeting 01/12/2021

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes      |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | Yes      |
| Mayank Kaushik (Nvidia)         | No       |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         | Yes      |
| Wenming Ye (AWS)                | Yes      |
| Rajeev Rao                      | Yes      |

Others: 

### Agenda:
  
  #### master -> main
  - main repo is done.
  - All URLs are redirected by auto-redirect.
  - Converter Sigs, model zoo still needs to be done.

  #### Next onnx release:
  - Ashwini or her team will volunteer as the release manager.
  - 2 releases / year, but have been doing 3.

  ####  Sig meetings and calendars
  - Rajeev: how to find meeting time for various sigs. // Still have not seeen this come through, need to follow up with Ashwini. 
  - Ashwini: architecture sig and operator sig are combined, 1 calendar for all Sigs meetings.
 
  #### Vision doc
  - Everyone should bring 1-2 ideas. 
  - Revisit:  who is our customers.  
  - What should the experience look like, and what their painpoints are.
  - What Can we build?
  - Alex: ML+DL Pre-processing:  Pre-processing group should give an update.  Autogluon team should present to the pre-processing SIG.
  - Rajeev N: robustness, privacy preserving ML: FL, homomorphic encryption. Multiple Sigs:  pre-processing & operator sigs. (Let's invite Joshua Allen from OpenDP). Rajeev to invite some intel folks.  Let's connect with other LF&AI community.
  - Prasanth:  higher level visions:  Ease of use.   Accepted and used by more communities.  Model Zoos with Onnx optimization. Discoverability. Security and Trust.  Hardware vendors: community perception and supportablity.   
  - Rajeev R: # of operators increase.  Be more thoughtful of what gets classified as operators.  Standard libs of operators. 

  - Next steps: Continue next time.   (Turn this into a doc).
   
  #### Next meetings: 
  - Next moderator: Alex (January 26th)
  
  - Guest speaker:  Minjie Wang  (DGL team Lead, 20 min)
