## Steering Committee Meeting 11/30/2022

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes   |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes   |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes   |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         | yes   |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes   |

Other attendees: 

### Agenda:
  
  #### ONNX 1.13 release
  - Release manager: Przemys≈Çaw Wysocki (Intel)
  - release branch has been cut
  - issues filed against converters and ORT to validate
  - target release date is on 12/12
  - planning to do a Release Review video

  #### ONNX to TensorFlow Converter
  - no longer being actively work on
  - no new owner found so far
  - announce on readme and in other forums
  - timeline for archiving: v1.14
  
  #### Roadmap process
  - Notice posted to slack channels and emails sent out
  - 2 submissions so far
  - Need to update website (Alex) and post on social (Prasanth)

  #### Videos on website
  - Andreas working on it - will have github action to auto generate and publish HTML pages
  
  #### Summer of Code
  - should we submit a project?
  - documentation-only projects not allowed
  - might be good opportunity for working groups
  - Andreas will share info on slack channels

  ### Badges for contributors?
  - https://www.credly.com
  - LFAI Egeria project uses it
  
  #### Next meeting (2022-12-07)
  - Moderator: Alex
