## Biweekly Meeting 6/6

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation) | Present? |
| ------------------------------- | --- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes |
| Joe Spisak (Facebook)           | Yes |
| Vin Sharma (Amazon)             | No  | 
| Harry Kim (Intel)               | Yes |
| Dilip Sequeira (Nvidia)         | Yes |
 
### Agenda:
* **CLA update**  
Now that we have open governance, we need to update the CLA. Joe has sent a draft of updated CLA for us to review. Prasanth and Harry have shared some initial feedback. Waiting for others to review. Joe will connect the legal teams to discuss directly.
* **Election rules (need to establish within 3 months)**  
The open governance requires the bootstrap steering committee to public election process and rules within 3 months. Need someone to drive this so we can complete by Sept 1. Harry volunteered to put together draft and share with steering committee by mid-July.
* **Summer workshop hosted by NVIDIA updates**  
Dilip shared updates that Joohoon will be driving this. Looking at late July/August. Save the dates will be sent out soon.
* **Guidelines for logos on onnx.ai**  
Need someone to write up the guidelines for accepting logos for onnx.ai, both for the company logos and the product logos. Joe and Prasanth to write draft.
* **Next steering committee meeting proposal (due to holidays and vacations)**  
Decided to cancel 6/20 and move 7/4 instance to 7/2
* **SIG kick offs**  
Prasanth has contacted SIG leads and asked them to setup meetings. New repo for SIG notes and artifacts also setup. Prasanth to send out mail with SIG best practices such as meeting at least once a month and recording meetings to publish to ONNX YouTube channel (Edge working group has been doing this well)
* **OpenCV class with ONNX**  
Joe shared that OpenCV is doing a class on PyTorch and will feature ONNX. Once the class is available, we can link to it.
