# Data & ML pipeline


### Takuya Nakaike @IBM

- Dataframe as an input/output data type
- Dataframe such as pandas.DataFrame is very popular in machine learning (there are many use cases in Kaggle). There are three choices to enable dataframe in ONNX.
  - Extend sequence type. A sequence can be a collection of tensors. This looks like a dataframe assuming a tensor as a column. However, the types of elements in a sequence must be homogeneous. Since columns in a dataframe can have different types such as string and int, we need to extend sequence to have different types. Further, adding a label string to each tensor in a sequence is ideal to make an ONNX graph easy to understand.
  - Extend tensor list. Tensor list is proposed as a new input/output data type in the discussion about ONNX pipelines (https://gitter.im/onnx/pipelines, https://files.gitter.im/onnx/pipelines/yjFA/Onnx_Tensor_List_Discussion.pdf ). It is a list of tensors that can have different types. Same as extending sequence type, we would like to add a label string to each tensor in the list.
Introduce dataframe type.
  - New operators for dataframe.
Since map/reduce/groupby operations to one or more columns are frequently used for feature engineering and preprocessing, we need to introduce new operators to support those operations. For example, mapping strings that match a regular expression to a common string (e.g, device A146, device B278 ⇒ device). Another mapping example is to concatenate strings in two columns into a string as a new feature.

- Preprocessing seconded by @snnn

### Yuankai Chen @ Alibaba
Support various tensor layout formats. Today tensors are assumed to be in NCHW format. NCHW format is wided used with float32 data type, while other formats may be more performance efficient with int8 or float16 data types.

### Sheng @ AWS
- Frameworks interoperability with numpy operator definitions
- Consider common abstraction for scheduling for more interoperability

### Chin Huang @IBM
Define and develop an end-to-end ML pipeline scenario with Kubeflow to showcase complete AI application development lifecycle with ONNX
