# Error handling, large model support, Model Zoo enhancements, & Quantization

## Error handling
### @snnn
  - Fuzz the code.  Don't crash in any case. 
  - Consider making the code exception free. Not everyone wants exceptions. 

### @bhushan23
  - Better crash handling in ONNX runtime (Observed bunch of crashes for unsupported op configuration)
  
### @Adam Pocock 
  - Improve the robustness of the model checker and onnx protobuf loading code so it doesn’t suddenly terminate.
  Can ORT use the same checker as ONNX?

 
## Large model support  
### @snnn
  - Finish the support for large models(model size>=2GB). The current one has a few flaws that blocked the adaption. 

  
##  Model Zoo  
### @snnn
  - Currently the model tests only covered a few models from the ONNX model zoo, it should cover all. 
  - Model zoo should have code examples, and should be high quality. 
  make sure to show data loading code


### @Adam Pocock
  - Expand the model metadata schema generated from the onnx converters (or native saving). Saved ML models lack much of the necessary metadata needed to track things in production, like timestamps, model training algorithm, some notion of data source. Some of these will be hard to get from the information stored in a non-onnx model, but without a schema then the custom metadata field becomes converter dependent and tricky to parse if the information is available.
 
 Add more defined keys for use in the metadata field https://github.com/onnx/onnx/blob/master/docs/MetadataProps.md
  
## Quantization 
### @snnn
  - Quantization specific optimizations e.g. https://github.com/pytorch/glow/blob/master/docs/Optimizations.md#quantization-specific-optimizations
may not be suitable for ONNX - better left for the runtimes

### @linkerzhang
  - Add representative quantized ONNX models into the ONNX model zoo. Of course, adding more ONNX quantization OPs if needed.
  Can we add HuggingFace quantized model?


## Language bindings
### @Adam Pocock, @Nick Pentreath
  - support other languages besides Python and C. Java in particular
  ONNX Runtime support Java, but ONNX tools (converters, model loaders, etc) do not
  Need Java8+ for use in Spark
