## Steering Committee Meeting 12/19

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation) | Present? |
| ------------------------------- | --- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes |
| Joe Spisak (Facebook)           | Yes |
| Vin Sharma (Amazon)             | No | 
| Harry Kim (Intel)               | No |
| Dilip Sequeira (Nvidia)         | Yes |


### Agenda:

* **Website update**   
Staged for review: http://nmstaging.com/ONNX/

* **Legal entity status**  
Proposal seems to be to switch to Apache license. Need to get latest status. Entity likely won't be setup until early next year

* **LF AI meeting updates**  
Prasanth made a mistake and thought TAC was once a month. It is actually twice a month at 6 AM. 
Dilip to attend next TAC meeting. Joe to attend next Outreach meeting. After we've each attended one meeting, we will decide how best to structure participation.

* **LF AI Calendar** 
Calendars for each SIG and WG setup and leads informed.

* **Repo guidelines draft**  
https://github.com/onnx/steering-committee/blob/master/repo-guidelines-draft.md
Update to make it clearer that it has to go through SIG first
Add section for archiving repos

* **Agenda items for next week** 
  * Merge updates from Training WG into master
  *  LF AI Onboarding list
    *	Build out your wiki space, and create an LF ID if needed  
      static page at most
    *	Coordinate meeting with LF AI for 2020 marketing plan review
    *	Review Getting Involved Guide and Technical Project Getting Started Checklist
