## Steering Committee Meeting 7/2

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation) | Present? |
| ------------------------------- | --- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes |
| Joe Spisak (Facebook)           | Yes |
| Vin Sharma (Amazon)             | No  | 
| Harry Kim (Intel)               | Yes |
| Dilip Sequeira (Nvidia)         | Yes |
 
### Agenda:
* **CLA update**  
Meetings with legal teams held. Settled on two CLAs - individual by default and corporate on demand - based on generic Apache CLA.
Process for managing corporate CLA - proposal is to manage in GitHub. Everyone to check with legal teams.
Establish legal subcommittee - Prasanth to make proposal.
* **Election rules update**  
Current thought is to leverage Kubernete's well defined election process. The outline of their election process can be found [here](https://github.com/kubernetes/steering/blob/master/elections.md)

*Summary of ideas based on Kubernetes election process:* 
1. Voting eligibility: Limited to Contributors. A Contributor is sponsored by 2 approvers from different companies.
2. Candidacy eligibility: Self nomiated, nominated by their company or multiple companies? The election method and schedule need to be changed according to the eligibility. 
3. Election process: [Condorcet ranking](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Condorcet_method) using [Schulze method](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schulze_method). Every contributor indicates numerical preference for candidates. We are limiting one vote per company so we can potentially roll up one ranking per company and re-apply condorcet ranking. 
4. Election officer: Nominate one of the 5 current steering committee members
5. Vacancy: In case a steering commitee member resigns, the next available candidate with the highest rank from the election will replace the predecessor. There shouldn't be more than 1 steering commitee member per company. 
6. Election schedule: 1 month before term is up. Coordinate with ONNX workshop if possible  
7. Public annoucement: All votes from the election will be published.

* **Summer workshop hosted by NVIDIA updates**  
[Dilip]  
SIG and WG leads should present  
invited speakers  
technical breakouts
* **Guidelines for logos on onnx.ai**  
Prasanth published [draft](https://github.com/onnx/steering-committee/blob/master/logo-guidlines-draft.md) - can we finalize
* **ONNX 1.6 release**  
