### Kick-off Meeting 5/23
 
**Attendance:**
* Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft): present
* Joe Spisak (Facebook): present
* Vin Sharma (Amazon): present
* Harry Kim (Intel): present
* Dilip Sequeira (Nvidia): present
 
**Agenda:**
* **Governance blog post review**  
*Notes:* Blog post draft was shared by Joe. Prasanth suggested to link SIG leader names to their GitHub profiles so people know who they are if they see a comment in a PR or issue. Model zoo SIG leaders will be left off for now since they are not finalized. Joe will publish blog and amplify on ONNX social media.
 
* **Onnx.ai website redesign**  
*Notes:* Prasanth shared that Microsoft will be contributing designers to propose an update of the onnx.ai site to reflect the current state of the project (original website was creates when ONNX was launching and only objective was informing people what it was) and make it easier to find products that support ONNX. Proposal will be shared with Steering Committee in a few weeks.
 
* **CLA update**  
*Notes:* The current CLA is based on the Apache ICLA. There is a pending request from before the expanded steering committee started to update the CLA to replace “Facebook and Microsoft” with “ONNX contributors”. This is not an official entity but has been deemed acceptable so far. Steering Committee members to discuss internally and we will finalize at the next meeting.
 
* **Summer ONNX Workshop hosted by NVIDIA**  
*Notes:* NVIDIA will be hosting the next workshop in July. Prasanth and Joe are working with Kari Briski and her team on the planning. Will connect Harry since he hosted the most recent workshop. Prasanth also shared that there is interest in having a workshop in Shanghai, China in September. Microsoft is currently driving the planning. There are several possibilities for who will host it and more details will be shared as they become available.
 
