## Steering Committee Meeting 7/18

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation) | Present? |
| ------------------------------- | --- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes |
| Joe Spisak (Facebook)           | Yes |
| Vin Sharma (Amazon)             | Yes | 
| Harry Kim (Intel)               | Yes |
| Dilip Sequeira (Nvidia)         | No  |

Special guest: Joohoon Lee (NVIDIA)
 
### Agenda:
* **Summer workshop hosted by NVIDIA**  
August 23rd save the dates and registration sent  
60 people registered  
Max 150, may reduce to 100  
Joohoon to follow up on speakers/abstracts submission form and announcement

* **Email list**
Should create ONNX community mailing list that allows people to subscribe and unsubscribe - Vin to make proposal.

* **CLA update**  
Joe to share final text of ICLA. Prasanth to update tool.
Also need to add instructions for submitting a CCLA - Joe to update README.

* **Establish legal subcommittee**  
No update.

* **Guidelines for logos on onnx.ai**  
Guidelines agreed on. Prasanth to update open governance doc to describe Member Company more. Publish logo guidelines file separately with just the logo requirements.

* **Election rules update**  
The election platform (http://civs.cs.cornell.edu) takes a list of emails as input and has a straight forward interface. However, we cannot use the platform out of box for the ONNX Steering Committee election. Every Contributor gets to vote, but only one vote counts per Member Company. We may need to collect the votes through a certain platform and roll up the results to Member Company level. We could leverage a Python package for our purpose, which also features Condorcet voting with Schultz method (https://pypi.org/project/python3-vote-core/).  
Open items:  
  * We will need a list of ONNX Contributors, their email addresses, and company names. How to track which company they are part of?
  * We haven't discussed the candidacy eligibility in our last meeting. 
Harry to start ElectionProcess.md in steering committee repo to capture process proposal.

* **Model zoo and tutorials SIG**  
Open casting call at next workshop.

* **ONNX 1.6 release**  
Aim for around workshop timeframe
Discuss scope next time
