## Steering Committee Meeting 8/1

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation) | Present? |
| ------------------------------- | --- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes |
| Joe Spisak (Facebook)           | Yes |
| Vin Sharma (Amazon)             | Yes | 
| Harry Kim (Intel)               | Yes |
| Dilip Sequeira (Nvidia)         | Yes |

Special guest: Joohoon Lee (NVIDIA)

### Agenda:
* **Summer workshop hosted by NVIDIA**  
Prasanth has sent draft of open call to Joohoon. Needs to be finalized and posted to onnx.ai and social media.  
Joohoon has the schedule for the day  
[Joohoon] Room for 100 participants (140 maximum) & catering reserved. Logistics all set. Need to send out invitation for the talk. Details of the agenda needs to be finalized. Prasanth emailed the SIG and WG leads (except Model Zoo) to prepare for readouts and short presentations. 

Open invitation for participation and talk will be posted on ONNX social media account. Reminder invitation email to be sent.
Community update content needs to be created by the Steering Committee in 2 weeks.

* **Workshop in China**  
Targeting mid November in Shanghai. 

* **Email list**  
[Vin] Investigating options for distribution lists. Recommendation is to use MailJet.
[Prasanth] How does it compare to Google groups? Gmail might be required for Google group. 
AR: Vin to set up a email list for Steering Commitee and follow up on custom domain use with MailJet

* **CLA update**  
ICLA updated on all repos.  
CCLA missing [Joe]: Michael is traveling. Will update when feedback is available.

* **ONNX 1.6 release**  
Discuss scope  
2 approaches:
1)	Make a date-driven release containing whatever is in master at that point.
We haven’t released in several months, so most people don’t have the latest fixes, ops, etc.
2)	Make it feature-driven and wait for some major feature to be added
Something like training, for example.  
  
Target release date to be Wednesday (Aug 21) before the ONNX workshop. The release will be time based release. 
Prasanth to email SIG and WG leads.

* **ONNX roadmap**  
[Prasanth] What should be roadmap for future releases of ONNX? Training and Edge/Profile support are obvious next milestones, but Steering Committee should suggest the vision for next releases. 
[Joe] Steering Committee should create 2020 vision for ONNX. 

* **Election rules update**  
[Harry] Uploaded draft of election guidelines. Please review and make inline comments to the [draft](https://github.com/onnx/steering-committee/blob/master/election-guidelines-draft.md). 
[Joe] Would be nice to get the election rules finalized to announce it during ONNX workshop community updates in August. 

