## Steering Committee Meeting 10/17

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation) | Present? |
| ------------------------------- | --- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes |
| Joe Spisak (Facebook)           | Yes |
| Vin Sharma (Amazon)             | Yes | 
| Harry Kim (Intel)               | Yes |
| Dilip Sequeira (Nvidia)         | Yes |

### Agenda:

* **Foundation decision** 
  - Prasanth: Linux Foundation  
We are looking for a foundation that will not only give ONNX an independent home but also help boost its profile as a vendor-neutral standard. Given that ONNX is widely supported, we believe an incubation phase is not warranted. LF also has infrastructure to potentially help with marketing and community events. LF also does not require a particular OSS license, so ONNX community can keep or change the OSS license as the community sees fit.
  - Joe: Linux Foundation  
Factors that played into the decision include: 1) The define your own governance approach; 2) the marketing/event support that could be leveraged; and 3) the growing set of complementary and well run relevant projects such as Horovod and Pyro. We felt that LF was a safe choice and, while AF is a great option, the license itself can be changed and shouldn’t be a motivator for project governance. 
  - Vin: Linux Foundation  
We based the decision on what the ONNX community needs most at this time (marketing and organizational governance) and whether the decision commits the community to an irreversible path (it does not). The Linux Foundation has proven to be a good host for diverse organizations, provides good marketing support, and offers organizational efficiency while allowing ONNX code and community to preserve its current open source software license and development practices. The decision is likely to cause minimal disruption to developers and deliver the most benefit to the organization. 
  - Harry: Linux Foundation
As others already mentioned, we favored the Linux Foundation because ONNX is already a mature project with lots of contributions from industry partners, and the Linux Foundation offered to forgo incubation phase. Great marketing support, efficient event coordination, and flexible licensing were also key factors that led to the conclusion. 
  - Dilip: Apache Foundation  
We're contributors to multiple Apache Foundation projects, and find it organizationally effective. In addition, we think ONNX' adoption of the Apache license will simplify IP management for the community. (For projects NVIDIA manages, if they're Apache 2 we ask only for a DCO; if they're MIT we ask for a CLA, and people find CLA's a turnoff. We understand other companies' lawyers may have different views on it.) While nothing prevents such adoption inside the Linux Foundation, with the Apache Foundation it's a given. We're balancing this against the more effective marketing & community support we expect from the Linux Foundation, but overall our choice is Apache.

* **Website tagline**  
  - Layout and copy sign-off - please reply to Alex
  - Proposed tagline: A framework-agnostic format enabling improved machine learning performance  
  Most do not agree with this.  
  focus on portability and ML ecosystem  
  The ML ecosystem for portability?  
  
* **Feedback from Michal K. (Co-chair of Operator SIG)**
  1. Regular set dates for ONNX workshop. Hard to coordinate with other events if potential attendees are notified only a month in advance
  2. ONNX Leaderboard to show progress on unit/op test coverage is ready, and he wanted to demo it to the Steering Committee.


**Items for next time:**

* **Contributor list**  
  Proposal: 
  1. Start with SIG and WG Contributors and have them endorse new Contributors. 
  2. If there are 2 endorsements, a nomidated contributor becomes a Contributor
  3. If there is 1 endorsement, a nominated contributor can get an endorsement from a Steering Commitee member to become a Contributor. 
  4. If there are no endorsements, a contributor can become a Contributor with 2 endorsements from the Steering Committee members. 

* **ONNX-scala**  
Author has asked for it to be included under ONNX organization. 
Need to establish criteria for what projects to bring in.

* **Roadmap**  
