##  Meeting 14 January 2026

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)            | no |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)                 | yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)          | no |
| Ganesan Ramalingam ("Rama") (Microsoft) | yes |
| Agnes So (Intel)                        | yes |

Other attendees: Ian Riley (KLA)

Moderator: Rama

#### Notes
* Logistics
  - Earlier Meeting Time?
    
* PyTorch foundation
  - Summary of Andreas' email exchange with Matt White:
    - It seems possible to become a PyTorch ecosystem project (without giving up our home LFAI&Data)
    - But that does not give us the benefits we want
    - Before becoming a Foundation Level project,  we need to meet the OpenSSF Best Practices Silver
      badge requirement, which we don't currently.
    - Improving the security aspects seems worthwhile, but needs some investigation on what is required.

* Roadmap proposals
  - Should we call for 2026 roadmap proposals?
  - What should the scope be?
  - Makes sense to have one
  - AI: Agnes will work with Andreas on call-for-proposals

* Roadmap for tf2onnx (Ian Riley)
 
 #### Next meeting (2026-01-28)
 - Moderator: Agnes
