##  Meeting 28 January 2026

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)            |  |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)                 |  |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)          |  |
| Ganesan Ramalingam ("Rama") (Microsoft) |  |
| Agnes So (Intel)                        |  |

Other attendees: 

Moderator: 


#### Notes
* Next Leadership Meeting, February 4, 2026
  * What topics do we want to present?

* Mail from LF AI&Data: "Q1 Pipeline Updates - ONNX Project"
  * Who is answering?   

* PyTorch foundation
  - Go ahead with the application as an ecosystem project? Anyone opposed?
  - Who should ultimately vote on whether we want to become a Foundation Level project? Just the Steering Committee? Or the Steering Committee and SIG and WG Leads?
  - When do we want the decision? At the next leadership meeting on February 4, 2026.
  - Summary of Andreas' email exchange with Matt White:
    - It seems possible to become a PyTorch ecosystem project (without giving up our home LFAI&Data)
    - But that does not give us the benefits we want
    - Before becoming a Foundation Level project,  we need to meet the OpenSSF Best Practices Silver
      badge requirement, which we don't currently.
    - Improving the security aspects seems worthwhile, but needs some investigation on what is required.

* RFC Process and Template Review (Christian)
  
* Roadmap for tf2onnx (Ian Riley)
 
 #### Next meeting (2026-02-11)
 - Moderator: 
