##  Meeting 20 May 2026

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)            | y |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)                 | y |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)          | y |
| Ganesan Ramalingam ("Rama") (Microsoft) | y |
| Agnes So (Intel)                        | y |

Present: Brian Nguyen (NVIDIA), Javier Martinez (Intel)

Moderator: Alexandre

* Survey:
  - Andreas: should we publish our results, shared via google doc. Will share link.
  - Rama: we may want to add additional info, maybe feedback at face to face meeting.
  - Agnes: good start, round up problems with positive achievement, problem as a call for help.

* Release management:
- Christian in Q2 for v1.22 (June), ready to do so in about a week or so.
- Agnes: Intel next manager was contacted? Andreas: yes.
- Andreas: who is addressing security issues? Maybe 20 issues solved. 
- Rama: we could develop over time what we need to address. Some overflow issues could be fixed.
- Alex: when included in product, some feedback from companies to standard for packages,...
- Alex: which SIG should be responsible
  - Rama: operators SIG if details are missing; if implementation is infrastructure, then it should be to infra SIG.
  - Andreas: we should generate issues.
  - Agnes: is it a back-log from prior releases
  - Andreas: yes, it can be.   

*	Community Meetup: 
- Next Wednesday, time deadline for submissions. Where can we advertise.
  - Alex: can add link on our banner.
  - Andreas: will do linkedin and twitter.
  - Agnes: can we reach out to the PyTorch foundation members, tell them about the meetup.
  - Rama: reach out within our own companies.
- Company from France is interested in hosting during last quarter of the year
  - Andreas: French people are making progress (later in the year).  

* Steering Committee elections
- alex: completed successfully with about 50% participations.
- all: thank you to Agnes and Mayank for their outstanding contributions.

* Move to PyTorch foundation discussion
  - We have a sponsor, Andreas will send us his answers to the application form.

* Open?
  
* Next meeting: June 3rd. Andreas is the next modertor.
