##  Meeting 25 February 2026

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)            |  |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)                 |  |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)          |  |
| Ganesan Ramalingam ("Rama") (Microsoft) |  |
| Agnes So (Intel)                        |  |

Other attendees: 

Moderator: 

## Agenda

### 1. Proposal to create "Equivalent Subgraph Working Group" *(Javier)*
- Presentation and discussion of proposal
- Decision: proceed / defer / reject?

---

### 2. Security Issue Response Process for onnx/onnx *(Andreas)*

**Background:**  
Current handling of security-related GitHub issues in onnx/onnx is inconsistent — some issues partially addressed, no systematic process, slow response times, no clear ownership.

**Context from PyTorch Foundation discussion:**  
Improving security posture is also a prerequisite for meeting the **OpenSSF Best Practices Silver Badge**, which is required before ONNX could become a PyTorch Foundation Level project.

**Discussion questions:**
- Who currently feels responsible for triaging security issues in onnx/onnx?
- Could a maintainer/team from **onnxruntime** take on co-ownership or advisory role for onnx/onnx security issues?
- Should we define a formal Security Response process (SLA, triage rotation, escalation path)?

**Desired outcome:** Identify at least one volunteer/owner for security issue triage; agree on minimal process for response times and escalation.

---

### 3. Next Leadership Meeting – When? *(Andreas)*
- 22th April?
- Community Feedback on the Meeting Name: Naming: The term "Leadership Meeting" may unintentionally signal exclusivity, discouraging broader participation from SIG and WG contributors. Should we rename it to something more inviting — e.g. "ONNX Community Call" or "ONNX Contributor Meeting"? If so, should we also formally broaden the invitation to all active contributors?

---

### 4. Mail from LF AI&Data: "Q1 Pipeline Updates – ONNX Project" *(Andreas)*
- Who is responding?
- Any open items or blockers to communicate?

---

### 5. PyTorch Foundation *(Andreas)*

**Summary of email exchange with Matt White:**
- Becoming a **PyTorch Ecosystem Project**, which is possible without leaving LF AI&Data, is on the way. See here: https://github.com/pytorch-fdn/ecosystem/issues/56#issuecomment-3889683544 . But does not provide the benefits we are seeking
- Becoming a **Foundation Level Project** requires meeting **OpenSSF Best Practices Silver Badge** (currently not met), further points needed where addressed
- Improving security aspects seems worthwhile but needs further investigation

**Open decisions:**
- Who votes on becoming a Foundation Level project — Steering Committee only, or including SIG and WG Leads?
- When do we want the decision? *(was proposed for 2026-02-11 leadership meeting — revisit timing)*

---

### 7. tf2onnx, Repository Maintenance & AI Contributions in github.com/onnx (Andreas)
Andreas has heavily reworked the tf2onnx repository and created an RC1, but the effort was significantly larger than expected — and it only covered removing completely deprecated code and fixing broken pipelines, without yet addressing newer Python or TensorFlow versions. The repository currently supports Python 3.10 and TensorFlow 2.13–2.15, while the current TensorFlow release is already 2.20. As Andreas is no longer a heavy TensorFlow user himself, community support is needed to move forward. This discussion also surfaced a broader question: several other repositories within the onnx GitHub organization — including digestai, neural-compressor, turnkeyml, and backend-scoreboard — show reduced activity, and adding dependabot.yml files confirmed that most CI pipelines are not running reliably. One idea is to leverage AI tooling to help sustain these repositories — yet ONNX has no formal position on AI-assisted contributions, despite already using such tools heavily in practice. Should the Steering Committee address this gap and define a policy on AI contributions?

---

## Notes / Decisions


---

## Action Items

| Action Item | Owner | Due |
|---|---|---|
| | | |


### Agenda
* Proposal to create "Equivalent Subgraph Working Group" (Javier)
* Security Issue Response Process for onnx/onnx (Andreas)
* Next Leadership Meeting, When? (Andreas)
  
* Mail from LF AI&Data: "Q1 Pipeline Updates - ONNX Project" (Andreas)
  * Who is answering?   

* PyTorch foundation (Andreas)
  - Go ahead with the application as an ecosystem project? Anyone opposed?
  - Who should ultimately vote on whether we want to become a Foundation Level project? Just the Steering Committee? Or the Steering Committee and SIG and WG Leads?
  - When do we want the decision?
    - At the next leadership meeting on February 11th, 2026. Majority voting?
  - Summary of Andreas' email exchange with Matt White:
    - It seems possible to become a PyTorch ecosystem project (without giving up our home LFAI&Data)
    - But that does not give us the benefits we want
    - Before becoming a Foundation Level project,  we need to meet the OpenSSF Best Practices Silver
      badge requirement, which we don't currently.
    - Improving the security aspects seems worthwhile, but needs some investigation on what is required.

* RFC Process and Template Review (Christian)
  - Alex to send previous years' survey to Christian for additional in-depth query questions
  - Survey can be one-two step (first to identify pain points, second to assess priority)
  - Propose to use 2nd day in the next meetup to share ideas and proposals
  - PR template in GH for "roadmap proposals", PR provides structure and merge allows for record keeping
  
* Roadmap for tf2onnx (Ian Riley) [not covered that meeting]
 
 #### Next meeting (2026-02-11)
 - Moderator:
 - planning for next meetup
