##  Meeting 28 January 2026

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)            | Y |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)                 | N |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)          | Y |
| Ganesan Ramalingam ("Rama") (Microsoft) | Y |
| Agnes So (Intel)                        | Y |

Other attendees: Christian Bourjau
Moderator: 


#### Notes
* Next Leadership Meeting, February 4, 2026 (Andreas)
  * What topics do we want to present?
  * Update to Feb 11th to follow meeting cadence

* Mail from LF AI&Data: "Q1 Pipeline Updates - ONNX Project" (Andreas)
  * Who is answering?   

* PyTorch foundation (Andreas)
  - Go ahead with the application as an ecosystem project? Anyone opposed?
  - Who should ultimately vote on whether we want to become a Foundation Level project? Just the Steering Committee? Or the Steering Committee and SIG and WG Leads?
  - When do we want the decision?
    - At the next leadership meeting on February 11th, 2026. Majority voting?
  - Summary of Andreas' email exchange with Matt White:
    - It seems possible to become a PyTorch ecosystem project (without giving up our home LFAI&Data)
    - But that does not give us the benefits we want
    - Before becoming a Foundation Level project,  we need to meet the OpenSSF Best Practices Silver
      badge requirement, which we don't currently.
    - Improving the security aspects seems worthwhile, but needs some investigation on what is required.

* RFC Process and Template Review (Christian)
  - Alex to send previous years' survey to Christian for additional in-depth query questions
  - Survey can be one-two step (first to identify pain points, second to assess priority)
  - Propose to use 2nd day in the next meetup to share ideas and proposals
  - PR template in GH for "roadmap proposals", PR provides structure and merge allows for record keeping
  
* Roadmap for tf2onnx (Ian Riley)
 
 #### Next meeting (2026-02-11)
 - Moderator:
 - planning for next meetup
